[<td>Salzella is a domain specific declarative language. Its primary focus lies in the field of music generation. The key principle upon which the language is built can be summarized as follows: For any existing piece of music it should be possible to create a Salzella program which will describe it in a way that running this program will output a piece of music similar to the original. Salzella programs are presumed to be generated rather then written by hand. The sole purpose of Salzella is to make creation of music generating tools easier. Bundling Salzella interpreter with music generating software and using it as an engine can provide a significant level of abstraction and thus make the development of such software a lot easier. Tools built on top of Salzella can generate Salzella programs and let the interpreter worry about the actual music generation. The key structural property of Salzella is extensibility. The algorithms responsible for the actual music generation are distributed in a from of plugins. This allows the creators of the aforesaid music generating software to modify Salzella capabilities to their own liking. To prove that Salzella interpreter can indeed be used as internal engine of music generating tools, a prototype of an algorithm for converting musical pieces into Salzella programs was created. As a side effect of creation of this algorithm, three Salzella extensions were created. These extensions are responsible for: generating a melody, generating a simple harmony and generating a percussive complement. An algorithm for harmony analysis was also created as part of this thesis. This algorithm is used by the conversion algorithm. A development environment which allows its users to easily create and execute Salzella programs was also created as part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project is concerned with modification of an existing desktop application for exploded views of 3D models into a client-server web application. The server side will enable storage of the models uploaded by the client, explosion graph computation and conversion of the models to an appropriate format for view in a web browser using the WebGL technology. The client side will provide administration, interactive view and exploding of the models based on information received from the server and a selected object as the centre of user attention.</td>]
[<td>Most computer users use standard peripherals, keyboard and mouse. It is difficult to imagine the work without these devices. However, a number of users exist who are unable to operate these devices due to their physical impairment. This thesis presents a
solution for these users. As a part of project TextAble, this thesis deals with a problem of designing a virtual keyboard layout which is controlled by signals from myoelectric device developed in the Academy of Science of the Czech Republic. 
The keyboard is developed for usage in Microsoft Word text processor as a virtual onscreen keyboard and provides not only typing of characters, it also allows users to navigate through the text, to format and edit it. Several scanning methods are implemented. Apart from the description of the developed application, and its testing, this thesis also contains a survey of assistive technologies used for text entry and some existing text entry systems.</td>]
[<td>This thesis addresses problem of rendering semi-transparent objects and the enhancement by~opacity modulation to reveal object's internal structures. Illustration Buffer - algorithm solving the Order Independent Transparency (OIT) is implemented and compared to other OIT solving techniques: Depth Peeling, Dual Depth Peeling and Per Pixel Linked Lists. We focus on opacity modulation based on object's features and we apply such modulations to the Illustration Buffer while comparing the ease of use with other algorithms. Finally we test all mentioned algorithms and conclude which algorithm is better under specific circumstances.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dedicated to developing a web application for mobile data collection in field of quality management. The introduction discusses the importance of quality management, followed by a detailed description of the problem domain. Next few parts of the thesis are dealing with development of the application itself. Structure of these chapters corresponds to the Unified Process, a software developing methodology. As application develops, thesis goes through all the activities defined by methodology. At start of the development there were several meetings was held with customer. At these meetings the requirements were defined by customer. Then the requirements were analyzed and also their consistency was ensured. Furthermore, the application platform, technology and software to use through application development, were defined by customer's IT department. In subsequent phases a platform independent design was created and application was implementated. A library and framework comparison were made to decide which libraries and frameworks should be used. Finally the tests were performed and discussed because of verify application with respect to requirements. The conclusion shows another user requirements found during tests and discusses posibilities of future application development.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of a web application used for managing library. Implemented a library management with the tool for editing books, reserves and borrowing. Application design is created using development UML diagrams. The application is implemented in PHP using the Nette framework. Data is stored in the MySQL database. Applications would benefit students to reserve and borrow books from the library.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a problematics of organizing and management of user data. At the begining the analysis together with market research for existing solutions with similar theme is made. Effort is put on design and implementation of web application, which manipulates with data by user-defined data structures. This thesis also includes an overview over the development cycle of the web application and detailed description of individual parts and problematics, that must be dealt with. At the end the list of possible features, which could enhance the usability of the web application is introduced.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this Masters thesis is rendering large scenes with precomputed illumination on smartphones. Precomputed illumination is generated using rasterisation or raycasting. Results are stored as lightmaps. Lightmaps are dynamically updated by patches depending on the change of light sources. Precomputed illumination is also applied to dynamic objects in the scene. The project is written in C++ and uses the OpenGL library. The thesis contains testing of performance and memory consumption at diﬀerent levels of detail. The thesis also contains performance comparation of laptop, tablet a smartphone.</td>]
[<td>A projection system is typically a table-less presentation device without access to a keyboard and a mouse.
The main disadvantage of projection and multi-projection systems is low level of control and the lack of input devices. This thesis suggests and realizes an interactice controller for multi projection applications using the mobile device with an Android platform. The
primar device for this work is the tablet. The designed framework enables the control of the projection applications by the remote interactive controller.
The usage of the simple and general principles brings us the universal application which can be used in many regions of table-less application.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the design, implementation and subsequent deployment of the information system for restaurants in the production version. When designing information system was a major emphasis on the operation of the restaurant, cooking, drink and watching the raw materials needed for their preparation. In addition, the proposal also includes features for tracking orders and their status, time sheets of employees and monitor activities performed in the system. In the section describing the implementation are summarized technologies have been used for programming. The system is designed using a client-server architecture.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals mainly with the user interface design of interactive textbooks for an Android tablets with the display size at least 9</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the creation of learning environments in 3D simulators. The aim of this work is to facilitate the development of such simulators and create a tool that makes it possible. This tool takes the form of 3D scenes editor and for the purpose of implementation was chosen the Microsoft Silverlight technology. Editor functionality is demonstrated on a simple resuscitation scenario of the patient.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to design and implement a software system for the analysis of damage to cultural heritage objects. This task is motivated by the MONDIS project that is focused on the development of an information sys- tem aimed at analyzing damage to cultural heritage objects and the relations be- tween them. The system developed in this thesis is designed to help non expert users to see relations in the domain, for example which intervention is stopping which manifestation of damage. The system is built on top of the MONDIS on- tology, which is an onological model of the represented domain. The system is able to represent more use cases and one such a use case - the Intervention use case - is implemented. This use case aims to describe the causes of manifestation of damages and interventions preventing them. It is formally described using description logic and then this description is refined into OWL2 language. The architecture of the proposed system is presented and as a proof of concept an im- plementation of this architecture is given. Implemented solution is tested by unit tests with average test line coverage over 75 %. The user interface is implemented as a web application and it was tested by Selenium automated tests.</td>]
[<td>Generative music are techniques exists for quite a long time. But by the time this thesis is written,
generative music is coming more and more to the fore. Mainly because generating music is a much
more complex topic than only rules for music generation. It is also techniques for analysing music
and music structure description.
Algorithms for music analysis are quite developed. E.g. internet radio Pandora or Spotify benefits
of music analysis. These web pages allow the users to create their own personalized radio. This
radio play music based on user preferences. It is able to learn adjust itself for personal taste of its
listener.
To be able to do that, understanding of which songs are similar is needed. From my personal
experience the speed and accuracy of guessing is amazing.
These algorithms are quite developed, but what is the situation of real generating of music ?
Right now, there are the first attempts to use generative music e.g. for background music in
computer games. But generative music is still in phase of becoming a common part of our lives, it
is literally trying to find it is own purpose.
This is the reason I chose this topic. I'm interested in the techniques of generation of music,
especially how from given input get structure, which can be considered as music. In this thesis I'm
going to probe common ways of music generation and I'm going to describe my own approach to
generative music.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discus about process of developing application for support in teaching of biology for tablets with Android operating system. Work describes architecture design, solution of implementation of given exercises for students and usability testing of application with users. The processed part of the application contains several types of task that students will perform during zooming through from view of the whole world to level of the atom. This section is part of larger application, on which works team of other people.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor´s thesis deals with the proposal and implementation of web system for selling photos. The system for final user provides functionality of an online shop with photos and for photographers interface for managing their portfolio and commission system. Individual
chapters deal with analysis, proposal, realization and system testing.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to design and implement a mobile iOS application for interacting with services of the american non-profit organization Czech-American TV. The application is able to play video and audio streams, interact with points of interest and provide an entertainment part in the form of quizzes about the culture of the Czech Republic. The mobile application is accompanied by a web application, which is implemented using Ruby on Rails framework. The mobile application communicates with server application using REST API through HTTP protocol. Web application supports HTTP Live Streaming and streams video and audio content.</td>]
[<td>The following BA thesis explores humanoid motion tracking techniques, describes the steps required to
collect and apply data on a basic 3D model and compares the outcomes. First goal is to create and
prepare the humanoid model for the purpose of animation with the usage of Optitrack cameras and
software provided by the Faculty of Electrical Engineering. Second task is to acquire the short takes for
further processing through markerless tracking software, to evaluate, compare and contrast the results
produced by both methods. The thesis also studies the influence of cameras’ positioning on the quality
of gathered data.</td>]
[<td>There are many game objects in modern computer games that need to be represented in a code. The most common way to represent them is via a class hierarchy which unfortunately introduces many problems such as the difficulty of hierarchy modification or a non-reusable code. This thesis focuses on a modern component-based game objects representation, which is a proper replacement for the class hierarchy. The component-based approach is very user friendly and does not suffer from problems the class hierarchy does. In the thesis a robust game object management system, which uses dividing a code to components and entity systems, was designed. This designed system was implemented as a set of library classes. Its usability was verified by specialization of the generic library to a library for 2D computer games and implementation of two separate games. The text can be used as a complete introduction to a virtual objects representation. The thesis proves the advantages of the component-based approaches over the class hierarchy and shows these advantages in practice by implementing two games. It is demonstrated that the components are easily reusable and that they can be managed with constant complexity thus the presented approach is suitable for real-time applications. </td>]
[<td>The work deals with enabling the XMOS XK-1A microcontroller to be able to connect to a web camera through USB, in order to download a still picture from the camera and process the image data to recognize numbers in the picture.</td>]
[<td>The task of this work is to analyze possible ways to illustrate the function of the system, which
consists of several mechanical parts, e.g., a system of gears, and to design and implement
application that will create a static illustration of the movement of mechanical parts by
adding graphical annotations in the form of arrows, and animate the movement of the system
of mechanical parts based on user interaction with one of the mechanical parts.
The contribution of this thesis is to create software that automatically generates dynamic and static visualization of threedimensional objects representing mechanical parts of a
system, that minimizes required user interaction.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to create algorithm that is able to detect and suppress color spill on chroma-keyed images. Based on previous analysis and existing solutions to this problem, three solutions are introduced and tested on either static pictures and video sequences. Algorithms were designed not only to produce quality results, but also to be fast and not to be dependent on user input.</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces disease diabetes mellitus and consequently contains design and implementation of adherence module for patients suffering this disease. Adherence module consists of three parts. Specifically it is gamification system, administrator web portal for shop and mobile application closely associated with web portal. Users use application to exchange their points from gamification system for offered rewards. The final evaluation concluded that application and web portal is accepted by users.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the problem of designing a user interface for touch screen mobile phones optimized for elderly people. Typical modern smartphone has a large display, but its user interface is fairly complicated. We have performed a qualitative research between old people. Several hypotheses were expressed and verified by a quantitative research. We have identified the specific capabilities and limitations of old people, as well as summarized the recommended accessibility guidelines.

We have designed a working prototype, tested several variants of the layout with elderly and discussed specific usability problems. Finally we did an empiric evaluation of the prototype and compared it with the standard Android interface. Technology behind the prototype was also discussed, how to efficiently use a game framework for creating and app and how to achieve the low battery consumption.</td>]
[<td>Crowd simulation is cheap and safe means of how to prevent horrible accidents that can occur during evacuations or in large spaces, where a lot of people meet. Several approaches of how to do simulation of crowds have been made over the last decades.

The goal of this thesis is to create a model that controls the movement of agents in virtual space. Such model should be capable of simulating some common behaviors that are known from real evacuations. Using the methodological approaches described by authors of related articles a model was designed. This model is capable of navigation of agents in nontrivial and dangerous environment. After the analysis of available applications a list of requirements for a crowd simulation engine was designed. An application that implements a subset of these requirements was made. Functionality of the application and correctness of the designed model were proven by test, where several scenes that differ in crowd pressure were used.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the problem of illegal drug interdiction in the Caribbean Sea and East Pacific. The U.S. naval forces have employed the Battlespace on Demand (BonD) concept to aid them in warfighting effectiveness. The BonD concept introduces tier-based architecture which allows transformation of data in lower tiers into informed decisions in higher tier. The concept is flexible and can be employed in any domain where decision-making takes place.

In this work we present a way to use the BonD concept in the maritime drug interdiction domain. We design and implement software architecture reflecting the BonD concept and use it to make informed decisions based on data collected from the domain. We introduce algorithms optimizing asset allocation and evaluate them on the scenarios extracted from the domain.</td>]
[<td>Mind maps represent a new revolutionary way of viewing, learning and discovering new
information, but suﬀer in reuseability. However ontologies are more conservative and the
formalized information capture approach makes them highly reuseable. This thesis discusses
the impact of ontologies on mind mapping techniques. The focus is on maximizing the
advantages of both of these diﬀerent approaches. The methodology of creating reuseable
mind maps in ontology driven mind mapping tool Ontomind is presented together with
the improvements of the tool to further enhance the user experience. The implemented
features are then tested and the methodology is demonstrated on a chosen speciﬁc domain
to present that the two fundamentally diﬀerent approaches of information capture can be
brought together to beneﬁt one another.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on schedul-
ing problem, specifically on creating
a schedule for primary and secondary
schools. First part describes theory of
scheduling problem and second part is
focusing on application for generation
schedules, which is the main part of this
master thesis.
Keywords: scheduling problem,
schedule, application, soft and hard
constraints, recursive algorithm, genetic
algorithm.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is to develop an application for plagiarism detection in documents in LaTeX format. What's special about this detection is that the content is ignored and the files are
only compared on a syntax basis. Its purpose is to detect plagiarism in a situation where the
text is a part of the assignment to make sure everybody processes the text to the LaTeX
format independently without copying others. In addition, the thesis provides an
analysis of the subject matter including practical experiments.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the implementation of mobile application. Its main purpose is to gather air pollution data from monitoring device. The mobile application is written in Objective-C and compiled for iOS system. Transfer of data from monitoring device can be processed by audio port or over Bluetooth connection. Data are then visualized and uploaded to the server. In this thesis the quality of measured data is also evaluated and compared with the official air quality monitoring.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this work is a research of available solutions for persistence management in PHP applications. In conclusion of this research, the framework Doctrine 2 ORM is picked as the most suitable.

This work contains a description of the ideal way of structuring the code according to the persistence layer and implementation of tools and extensions of Doctrine 2 ORM, which lead to cleaner and more reusable code. These tools are automatic model consistency keeping, lazy loading for properties and solutions for problems caused by the Identity Map design pattern.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the creating of materials in 3D computer graphics with focus on architecture.
Thesis also contains implementation of whole shader which was created as a plugin for modelling program Autodesk Maya.
Shader was realized with a object-oriented programming language C++ and implemented as a fully-fledged Maya Node, which can be used in architecture practise.
Thesis analyzes the internal structure of Autodesk Maya and familiarize with Maya API in detail.
User manual and instalation manual are part of this thesis too.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with problem of texturation from photography, i.e. mapping of input photos to reconstructed 3D geometry. We analyze existing solutions for texture mapping and propose our algorithm. We present a real-time view-dependent solution that considers virtual camera position and orientation. By this approach, we try to minimize artifacts and create photo-realistic textures.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents design and implementation of web application dealing with the analysis of sports events for the needs of fixed-odds betting. The application also serves as a portal for sharing tips and analysis forming a motivational factor system based on user coefficient with commercial potential. The final product aims to gather community of fixed-odds betting and lead to responsible gaming.</td>]
[<td>Virtual reality (VR) is constantly developing area and new control devices which can interact with VR applications are perpetually being generated. The problem with such a high diversity of input devices is the effectiveness of their connection to VR applications. 

The goal of this work is to design and implement a protocol for communication with VR systems ensuring two-way communication between VR applications and input control devices. The protocol also allows the highest possible abstraction of input events through the use of adaptations of the input data.</td>]
[<td>Shape synthesis is generally a task that is hard to master. New methods using 3D-model synthesis from examples emerged with the growing number of shapes in model repositories. This work reviews and compares three such methods -- one using geometry analysis (Jain et al. 2012), second one reshuffling certain part arrangements (Zheng et al. 2013) and third one employing probabilistic model learned from training datasets Kalogerakis et al. 2012). One of the methods is chosen for implementation, which is the main focus of the work.</td>]
[<td>Web application for presentation and internal support of corporation is very important and strong tool to ensure it's effective run. Internet is full of similar applications, but most of them are too specific or too general. That's the reason why I decided to create new application. Application completely developed according to the contracting authority's requirements. Web application is used to present and support football club SK Meteor Libeø. With minor modifications, this application should be used by other football clubs.</td>]
[<td>UIProtocol is a user interface specification language being developed at FEE CTU for research purposes. It is designed as a client-server system where the server runs an app and provides its user interface description to the client. The client renders the user interface, informs the server of user-triggered events and processes the server response. This work describes the development of an accessible UIProtocol client for Windows Phone 8 platform. The client is developed as a part of a complex system for navigation of the visually impaired inside buildings. Therefore, we also explore the possibilities of making the application more accessible to people with special needs, such as the visually impaired. The client application has to be able to perform standard operations such as communicating with the server, rendering the user interfaces, handling user actions and more.</td>]
[<td>As part of this project we have developed a mobile application allowing visually impaired people to take portraits. The application is designed for mobile phones with Android operating system and has been developed in Java. It offers multiple modes and includes a photo gallery with already taken photos. To navigate user we used different types of feedback such as voice, sound, vibrations and their combinations. Those were then tested on visually impaired users. Based on the quality of the resulting photographs and the time required for their capture, voice was evaluated as the best type of feedback.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to describe development of the Android mobile client for the HELIOS Green ERP system. The main goal is to create a general mobile client that can be easily used to support various organization processes. This goal is reached by analysis HELIOS Green system and finding its base building blocks. These blocks are then implemented with a focus on minimizing the impact of mobile device limitations.</td>]
[<td>The subject of the thesis is Aplikace Autoservis and it’s converting to SaaS application.
The application uses Ruby On Rails web framework and MongoDB database. The content of
the thesis describes the application and possible converting options to SaaS and it’s deploy to
a cloud according to used technologies. The conversion of application is realised by a shared
database approach, data are separated by identificators, this approach of data storage is
most effective according to usage of storage.
The final application is able to provide it’s functionality as a service without necessary
manual effort. Consequences of that fact are reduction of effort needed to create a new
instance, maintenance of only one instance of application and further reduction of costs of
operating the application because of reduction of storage requirements.</td>]
[<td>Game engines are used to accelerate the development time of game titles. This allows game developers to focus on implementation of game mechanics. This bachelor's thesis weights differences between current game engines and then focuses on implementation voxel based game engine aimed for games with fully modifiable game world. Implemented game engine uses 3D DDA algorithm for walk through voxel matrix and it is implemented in programming language C++ and uses OpenGL API.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to implement a framework for managing and evaluating business rules for the purpose of their transformation to diverse platforms. Framework enables developers to avoid code duplication, makes maintenance easier and lowers error rate during development.

Amphibian framework is implemented in the PHP language. It supports evaluating of user-defined rules in PHP and transforming them to SQL in order to query data stored in relational databases. It uses Doctrine 2 ORM and~similar language called DQL to achieve that.

Thesis also includes unit tests and a sample web application to showcase capabilities of the framework.</td>]
[<td>This text presents steering behaviors that control autonomous vehicles populating roadways in virtual environments. The goal of this work is to design and implement an autonomous vehicle simulation module for the Virtual Reality Universal Toolkit project. VRUT is a project being
developed in cooperation with CTU and ©koda Auto. It is capable of simulation and visualization of a vehicle driven by user.
The module this work is discussing is supposed to autonomously control surrounding vehicles to simulate traffic driving. These vehicles are expected to behave as naturally as possible. They should be capable of keeping on track, following road rules and crossroad priorities, avoiding collisions, overtaking and switching lanes. </td>]
[<td>The bounding volume hierarchy is one of the most common acceleration data structures used in computer graphics. This thesis is about a fast parallel construction of bounding volume hierarchies on the GPU. Two construction algorithms were implemented the CUDA technology. The first algorithm is based on Morton codes and spatial median splits. The second algorithm uses the surface area heuristic to minimize the cost of the hierarchy. Both algorithms were tested in the real-time rendering system. The core of the rendering system is based on an efficient ray tracer. </td>]
[<td>Adaptive music is a concept used in many multimedia applications---mostly in computer games when playing music is dynamically changed according to what happens in a game. The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design an own adaptive music model and then implement this model as the playing system integrable into Unity evinronment. In addition to this playing system, the prototyping tool with graphical user interface has been created, which allows debugging the scene descriptions in XML format.</td>]
[<td>This document handles new information system for student’s Club Tearom. It describes current processes in this club and implementation of new web-application-based system, that aims to simplify managing the club and provide visitors up-to-date information.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design of an algorithm for the human resource scheduling. This work offers an overview of approaches to rostering problem solving in literature. The algorithm using adaptive neighborhood search method was selected to implement on the basis of the research. There is the testing and implementation of modifications of the algorithm described in detail. There are also two different formats of instances analyzed and described. The converter between these types of instances was created in this thesis. The analysis and implementation of the import of shifts from a database to employees calendar is also included in this work. The import module and created algorithm were tested and the thesis contains a description of these experiments.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to describe the characteristics of HTML5 specification, and its use in creating web presentation from both implementation and design side. Thesis also describes design and implementation of web application, including the creation of a new logo and website design. Output of this work, in the form of a web application, is ready for practical use.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of an application which will generate testing situations based on a graph in accordance with the Process Cycle Test technology contained in TMap Next.
The graph can be drawn in an interactive editor or generated based on values from a synchronized table.
The algorithm for generating test situations will be the result of an analysis.
Furthermore, the application will enable exporting and importing the graph as well as the testing situations.
The implementation will be written in the Java programming language and tested with a set of JUnit tests, functional tests and a set of comparative tests in order to verify the quality of the algorithm.</td>]
[<td>Ray tracing is a technique of generating an imagine of synthetic scene by casting rays through pixels in an image plane. This technique produces one of the most realistic imagines of synthetic scenes. As the computing power of modern CPUs is growing every year, it's possible to synthesize scenes several times faster than it was possible in the past. This makes the global illumination methods more and more popular for synthesis both static and dynamic scenes. It leads to need of creation a library, which would be usefull for the ray casting procedure. Such library should have very simple API for ray casting and obtaining information about ray hits. Naive approach of generating an imagine of synthetic scene by casting rays is very computationally demanding as we need to cast ray through every pixel in an image plane and test intersection of this ray with all scene triangles. This approach is more less inapplicable for scene even with tens or hundreds of triangles. This leads us to the second requirement. Such library should use some acceleration structure, which speeds up the ray casting procedure to nearly real time computation.
Goal of my thesis is to design and implement such library. The main emphasis was placed on simplicity of API, multithreading, usage of single instruction multiple data (SIMD) instructions and bounding volume hierarchy as acceleration structure, which is one of the most popular accelerating structure used for ray casting. The library should also be easily extendable with more acceleration data structures. The library can also be useful for learning and teaching purposes.
The first part of the thesis deals with a theoretical introduction to the problem of image synthesis using global illumination methods, namely the ray tracing method and path tracing. In this part the algorithms and acceleration structures are described in detail.
The second part of the thesis discusses the implementation of the library and the measurement results on both static and dynamic scenes.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor's thesis is concerned with design and implementation of a mobile application that can plan cycle journeys in Prague. The application is developed for mobile devices with Android operating system. The application uses Open Bicycle Trip Planner web planner service which searches routes according to start point, finish point and defined route profile. This web service also provides a list of instructions that are used during the navigation process. During the design process specific requirements of target users are taken into consideration. The finished application can search routes, it provides users with information about elevation profile and it also informs users about possible obstacles on the route. The application is available in Google Play store under the name City Bike Planner.</td>]
[<td>Aim of my bachelor thesis are recommender systems and the modification of one algorithms. In the theoretical part I summarize basic information about recommender systems, especially I concentrate on collaborative filtering and describe the three most usual algorithms: k-NN, Association rules base prediction and Matrix factorization. In next section I describe Net
flix prize data, which are used in practical part of my thesis for testing purposes. The practical part I implement modification of k-Nearest Neihbours algorithm in Wolfram Mathematica with focus on algorithm's speed and recommendation accuracy. Last part I devote to testing of my implementation.</td>]
[<td>Snow is very common and extremely important aspect of all winter scenes, as it covers almost everything in them. Its correct rendering is therefore of utmost importance to the realism of final image. This project was started in order to explore this topic further. In it a survey of methods for solving this problem is presented and a new one is proposed. Proposed method targets real-time performance and is simple to implement using shaders, while running interactively on low end consumer hardware. Also, a comparison is made to the real world photographs of snow-covered scenes and rendered images, and performance characteristics of the method are presented.</td>]
[<td>Web log analysis is young and dynamically developing industry of IT, which helps to dig great amount of relevant information from log files to those working with web technologies. This thesis introduces us the issues connected with this process, describes basic principles of the industry and deals with analysis, implementation and configuration of modular log analyzer and converter. It focuses on processing log files from Apache, PostgreSQL and JBoss, but it also discusses future extensions to other technologies.</td>]
[<td>This work describes analysis, design and implementation of a web application for collaboration of boy scout leaders. It's supplementing tools used by scout leaders to this day. This web application consists especially of a shared task manager with templates for repetitive projects. It enables users to send messages to each other and it is prepared for adding further modules. It uses a software system Node.js that enables to run JavaScript on a server and a library socket.io which provides users with the opportunity for collaboration in real-time. This work also includes detail description of Node.js technology.</td>]
[<td>  Aim of this work is to create a ray casting library in OpenGL (resp. in the language of its shader programs - GLSL). A great deal of the work is focused on computational efficiency of the library functions and secondly on the user experience. To verify both aforementioned properties and correctness of the rendered outcome quite a sizable testing application was made, which renders 3D triangle-based scenes with the aid of the created library. This text describes design of such a library and testing application. A large part of it is dedicated to selection and better implementation of necessary algorithms for computation on modern graphic accelerators.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes current usage of augmented reality in combination with smart mobile devices, describes the three main types of mobile augmented reality and typical implementations. For the type of the mobile augmented reality with the greatest potential is then implemented a desktop application that is easy to use for creating mobile application without any coding knowledge. At the end of this thesis are this desktop application and one of the generated applications tested for usability.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis aims at designing and implementing the system for processing data using web services. Thesis contains system requirements analysis, choosing supporting technologies, architecture and implementation of prototype of server and client parts and last but not least demonstration and testing on chosen tasks.</td>]
[<td>The main topic of this thesis is an architectural visualization in distributed VR systems. It is focused on Cave automatic virtual environments. The final output is a visualizer prototype using real-time raytracing techniques with use of the NVIDIA® Optix framework. This thesis also discusses 3D rasterization techniques, because they are still indispensable parts of a real-time architectural visualization, according to a research made at the beginning.</td>]
[<td>Development of technologies allowed birth of various virtual environments. After introducing CAVE in 1992 university teams from all over the world form their own CAVE. Czech Technical University is not an exception, its CAVE can be found at Faculty of Electrical Engineering at Institute of Intermedia. Unfortunately expanding of its usage is discouraged by software used for collecting input data, trackd. This paper describes disadvantages of current state, explores various input devices suitable for using in CAVE, analyses approaches of other frameworks and as a solution suggests a new program, which can correspondingly replace trackd and cooperate with existing graphical applications. Furthermore it also allows extensions for possible future needs of CAVE, such as options of writing new inputs and outputs. This way CAVE is no longer limited by its input and can further evolve. </td>]
[<td>This document describes the process of design, implementation and testing of mobile application of navigation system NaviTerier.

The first part of this work deals with the problematic of visually impaired persons and the single parts of the navigation system. Work compare existing solutions. It also focuses of describe of drafting design using HTA analysis and iterative  development of low-fidelity prototypes. Document describe draft of realization single parts of system.

The document also describe used technologies and application implementation details.

Finaly, work is description of application usability testing with visually impaired users, and its evaluation. There are also suggestions for potentional further expansion of the application.
</td>]
[<td>Indirect illumination is a very important component of realistic image synthesis. It captures subtle interreflection effects, such as color bleeding, that give us important clues about the scene.  It is also the most computationally expensive part of the whole process. One of the method for computing global illumination is Instant Radiosity. It uses Monte Carlo integration and creates virtual light sources in the scene to substitute contribution from indirect light bounces. In scenes with high geometry and light complexity, the number of virtual lights required to avoid noticeable error can be too large to use each of them for each pixel, making some subsampling scheme necessary.

This thesis extends the previous work on such schemes to accommodate dynamic scenes. It implements Importance Caching - a robust algorithm that combines spatial indirect illumination caching and importance sampling and provides means to capture small and sudden changes in illumination where other methods fail. It is further improved to exploit temporal coherence as well as spatial one in dynamic scenes by extending the rendering with cache updating step borrowed and customized from an algorithm called Instant Caching, where the cached information is verified with respect to the current state of the scene and updated appropriately. To evaluate this, we implemented a prototype rendering system that supports dynamic scenes. The results show how dynamic importance caching in complex scenes compares to naive virtual lights sampling and Instant Caching.</td>]
[<td>Computing a photo realistic image of an arbitrary virtual scene in an affordable amount of
time is still an open problem. Often, one has to trade certain illumination effects for speed.
However, the recently proposed global illumination methods show that the solution to the
problem does not only lie in increasing the speed of the computer hardware, but also in
careful algorithm design.
This thesis presents a comprehensive overview of the theory of the global illumination,
discusses the fundamental rendering algorithms using the presented concepts and a recent
method, vertex connection and merging (VCM), is presented in detail as a combination
of the basic algorithms. The text follows with the description of the architecture
of an advanced photorealistic rendering software and with the description of the VCM implementation
within an existing rendering toolkit. Then we evaluate the VCM algorithm,
compare it to the other algorithms, and present how its input parameters affect the resulting
image.</td>]
[<td>SketchUp is a program for creating 3D models. Its greatest advantages are ease of use, own database of models (3D Warehouse) and link with Google Earth. The program allows creating, viewing and modifying of 3D models, working with textures and then publishing the created models to the public database. Additional features include the possibility to expand the program by many new functions using plugin modules (plugins). Plugins can be downloaded from the database (Extension warehouse), where are avaible many paid and unpaid extension, or you can create your own module according to your requirements.

Subject of the bachelor's thesis is an analysis of ways to add plugins to the SketchUp, which programming languages can be used to create plugins and a description of the development of plugins created according work assignment.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is design and implementation of a management tool for the operational monitoring of manufacturing processes. The tool will allow visualization and creation of manufacturing processes composed of sequences of manufacturing operations, the necessary materials, workers and other resources.
Subsequently it will allow to the user to monitor the progress of production and offer the means to perform impact analysis relating to external fault events (e.g., late delivery of materials, lack of resources, poor quality of components, etc.). The tool will be integrated into the platform defined in the European project ARUM.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is a tool for unification of web user interface development for various environments. Two main enviroments are server side processing and javascript processing. Syntax of the tool will be XML based, extensible and even completely replaceable. 

First part of the thesis is focused on comparison of existing solutions. Second part builds on the first and deals with analysis and actual implementation. Last part decribes analysis and implementation of a tool for building information systems and includes example implementation of two modules, one for managing user accounts and the other for publishing articles. 
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this master degree project is to introduce the issue of Functional Magnetic Resonance (fMRI), an evaluation of the currently used stimulating systems, a suggestion and an implementation of the new stimulating system for fMRI. All available technologies were compared and Java was chosen for the new software. Java uses Arduino board for communication with external hardware (joystick and buttons). The final solution was verified by performing clinical and research measurements.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with plugin development for Eclipse IDE, based on bussiness process developers’ demand on more effective development environment dedicated to JBoss jBPM v3 Workflow. Workflow development obstacles are described in the first part. Based on information gathered, requirements and plugin structure are defined. The final part is dedicated to realization of prototype design and its testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with the design and implementation of a content management system for a web-based presentation of the multimedia artist's work. The goal of the project was the development of a robust system for the management of the art pieces and for creation of an extraordinary web presentation for visitors as well.
JavaEE technology was used to implement the system. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is to explore new category of databases – NewSQL databases. Several NewSQL database are described, one of them is selected for next work. In this work selected NewSQL database is installed. For this installation a sample application is developed. The application uses selected NewSQL database as primary storage. The database is accessible from Android mobile device. Android application uses its embedded database to cache data from primary database to minimize network traffic and to allow to be used offline. Application synchronizes the cached data, when it is online. Possible solutions for this requirements are discussed and the selected is implemented in sample application.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the extension of the project generator thin client technology to monitor the process. It is a tool that, to some extent, to automate creation of monitoring clients to visualize and modify variable values of the monitored device. The work deals with the creation of reference monitoring server.

First, a study that includes a search already created system. It is also examined in 
search of technologies on which they are created schemes of technological processes 
(modbas, SVG and SCADA).
The important part here also a description of what has been created and what is the 
new contribution of new features.
After the analysis and monitoring of requirements specifications expanding client and 
thin client generator. Furthermore, the proposal of the extension. Extending 
according to the proposed scheme is implemented and tested by a verification plan 
prepared. Another part is the analysis and specification reference monitoring server. 
Furthermore, the design of a reference server. Reference monitoring server is an 
application under the proposed concept is implemented and tested to ready 
verification plan. Both parts are then tested with the user.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with plugin development for Eclipse IDE, based on bussiness process
developers’ demand on more effective development environment dedicated to JBoss
jBPM v3 Workflow. Workflow development barriers are described in the first part.
Based on information gathered, requirements and plugin structure are defined. The
final part is dedicated to realization of prototype design and its testing.</td>]
[<td>BlindShell provides a simple user interface for visually impaired people, that allows them to control a cell phone with Android via few simple touch gestures. Users can make calls and send short messages easily. Nevertheless, modern cell phones usually offer much more than this and visually impaired people would like to use those additional functions that would make their lives easier, too. This thesis deals with extending the BlindShell with following applications: Information about state, Alarm clock, Notes, Voice recorder and Book reader. The selection of these most wanted applications is based on the previous user research. The field usability testing of these applications is included in this document.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the development of a mobile application for Android system which can be used as an advanced voice-controlled video recorder. It describes recording methods that use the device's camera including their implementations, discusses advantages and disadvantages. It contains special possibilities of video recording as real time GPU processing of recorderd frames using OpenGL which allows application of image filters, large digital zoom and adding graphical elements directly in video. Processing of every single frame is done immediately during video recording, it is used for loop video recording. That allows to record video from camera continuously while only last few time units are stored. Included results of measurements confirms that recording methods are functional and could be used in real conditions. This thesis contains evaluation of open source speech recognition tools where CMU Sphinx library was chosen and used in application's voice control module. The principle of continual speech recognition is based on usage of activation word together with particular command. Voice control was tested with users from 20 to 60 years old, its functionality has been proved and it can be used for application controlling. Application is equipped with graphical user interface which allows to control all implemented modules.</td>]
[<td>This thesis follows from my bachelor thesis Food Intake Monitoring using Mobile Application. It analyzes the problem of diabetes mellitus and its compensation closer. Based on these findings, I have extended mobile application and a web portal to allow complex view of the current day of the diabetic patient. Mobile application allows to monitor caloric intake, activity performed during the day and the course of blood glucose levels. The application allows a person to connect a Bluetooth kitchen scales and Bluetooth glucose meter for easier and more comfortable entering measured values. Thanks to the design of client-server architecture is available to the physician always up to date values and can respond on them by sending a message to his patient. The functionality and manageability of application and of web portal was verfied by testing.</td>]
[<td>The current implementations of building Web Services allow you to define resources and their logic for processing \gls{http} requests. Although some implementations contain a default logic to work with the resources that are mapped to objects in the application model, but the definition of resources is explicitly required for each single resource. Any differences in the default implementation of the processing of resources are necessary to be put directly into the code. Both of these problems can ruin the programmer's life.

An alternative solution could thus generate resources automatically, if the dependence between resources and objects of the application's domain will be found, respectively application's model that represents this domain. A universal logic for processing requests, which, however, will be able to respond to the different requirements of resources, could solve the aforementioned problems and to simplify the programmer's work.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the problem of under-explored space of mid-air text input techniques,
that can be used by a standing, mobile user.During this research different motion capture
devices and techniques were analyzed, and it was decided to use Microsoft Kinect as a
motion caption device.A lot of different text input method were also analyzed. Base on this
research 5 different mid-air text input methods, QWERTY,3Push,Gesture,8penKinect and
Circular, were designed, mplemented and tested.The results of testing are very intresting,
and they are suggesting that that the QWERTY and 3Push are suitable for adaptation.
The other techniques need to be improved to compare with this two keyboards.</td>]
[<td>The touch technologies have encountered a great progress in recent years. They are used in more and more fields. This Master Thesis deals with the description of the whole life cycle of processing of content for multi-touch tables. The goal of this Thesis is to map the current situation on the market with multi-touch tables and touch frameworks. It also aims to design a solution, which enables filling of content for as wide as possible range of tables. Another aspect of this work is the description of the most serious problems during the designing of the user interface. In the implementation part the Thesis is focused on the realization of the proposal of a touch application for places such as museums and galleries.</td>]
[<td>Subject of the thesis is a web application designed for generation and editing of emergency plans for educational facilities, intended for use in company operating in this domain. Design of the application is based on an older software and its objective is to introduce new functions and improve its flaws. The system keeps records of information related to employees and buildings of educational facilities for which the plan is developed and potential dangers in its surroundings. On the basis of this set of data, the application generates plans in PDF format. For the sake of making the selection of pages for print easier, the application takes record of modifications in data, which is useful especially in case of change in personnel of the facility. The system enables export of data to file and import of data from file to application for the purpose of data backup and protection. The application is written in PHP and uses Nette Framework. Text of the thesis contains analysis and draft of parts of the application and description of implementation and testing. Analytical part introduces analysis of similiar programs, requirements of or dering company, summary of use cases, database model, diagrams describing the most important processes in the application, description of components, deployment model and draft of layout of the application. In implementation section, there is description of employed technologies and key parts of application. The part about testing contains list of test cases snd summary of the course of user testing.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes and implements a new method, which computes global effects in the rasterization pipeline. To acceleration are used Occlusion Queries and exploited temporal coherence of following frames. The implementation is tested on three expansive scenes and compared with the available implementation GPU Ray tracing</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the development of the user interface of the nangu.TV set-top box application that will be deployed to more than 200 000 European households by prominent Internet service providers such as Telefónica Czech Republic, Orange Slovensko, and Swisscom AG. Every development phase is covered, from analysis to usability testing, but the main focus is on the design disciplines that affect the user experience. Those are information architecture, interaction design and prototyping. The corresponding chapters include general principles and the reasoning behind the decisions we made, making this thesis reusable for similar project.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this Master thesis was to create a cross-platform multiplayer game. Part of this thesis was to design a user interface and to test it with users. The existence of the problem, when the same game is played by different players on various devices with different demands on user controls was verified after implementation of the game prototype and the game server. These user controls differences were partially compensated by some game settings.

This Master thesis takes the reader through the process of creating multiplayer game starting with the analysis and drafts, ending with the implementation and user testing.</td>]
[<td>Software testing is an essential part in the development of every major project. Detection of errors and inaccuracies in the created application is the main function of this discipline. However, mistakes occur even here, since human beings are not infallible. Inaccuracies can be found in the testing documents that should detect errors in the tested application. These mistakes could confuse the tester and lead to an error in the testing.

This thesis deals with the development of module that solves this issue. The application is unique. It is basically an experimental project based on the need for resolving issues connected to software testing.</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor thesis deals with the design, implementation and subsequent deployment of the information system for restaurant facilities. Information system is focused on restaurant operations and resources and staff management. The design of information system envisages a connection with the accounting and tax systems by exporting data.

The system is designed using a Client-Server architecture. Users are able to work with the application through a Web browser.</td>]
[<td>System for internal support of corporation is very important for its good and effective working. In these days there are many of these systems, but all of them are designed for specific uses. Modification of them for some other uses is hard and time-consuming. By these reasons I create a web application for submitter of project which realize all of his demands. The application will be used as internal system and as a web presentation of corporation named Spolek pøátel Bezdru¾ic. Project deals with analysis, design, implementation and testing of this application.</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis is described the client side of the cultural information portal for young, Kam-na-akci.cz, that allows user to create, manage and display events according to user's preferences. Server side of this project is described in the bachelor thesis of my colleague Bc. Tomá¹ Velechovský, so it will be mentioned only marginally. The client side is written in the HTML using the cascading style sheets. I will use Javascript with the framework Backbone.js (www.backbonejs.org), which is respecting the principles of the OOP and for the graphic effects jQuery library will be used. For convenience, reducing data complexity of queries and the overall dynamics of the site, AJAX technology is used. It will also be dealt with deployment and testing of the UI.</td>]
[<td>This work present two levels design of crowd simulation. The first level is simulation and second level is visualization. The language for agent motion description is designed too.
The simulation application is derived from social forces model. The effor it to reduce wrong abilities of this model and adapt output for motion description language. The visualization application interpret this language and display agents movement in 3D.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with leaves recognition. The aim is to create a web application; any user can upload image of some leave and the  application should recognize species of the tree. Method proposed in the thesis consists of three major steps: segmentation, calculation
of shape descriptors, and classification. Thresholding with Otsu’s method for threshold selection has been used for the leave segmentation. Invariant description of the leave shave is based on Zernike moments. Amplitude and phase are normalized by distance functions during the Zernike moments evaluation. The method has been tested on two datasets: Flavia and MEW2012. Species of the tree is successfully recognized on 84.1% of Flavia dataset samples and on 67.7% of MEW2012 dataset. The success rate increases
to 86.9% when composition and size of the leave is known.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the analysis and visualization of data regarding the public contracts in software Payola. It describes in detail the principle of the Semantic Web, RDF, RDF Schema, ontologies and vocabularies necessary for understanding this topic. The analytical part is programmed in language Scala, for map visualization is elected javascript. In the thesis is used ontology PCO („Public Contracts Ontology“) defining data structure of public procurement. Inquiring into specific data sets  is accomplished  through language SPARQL. 
	Creation new analytical components allows filtering of makimg aplication manageability and user friendlier. 
        The second part of the implementation is focused on map data visualization according to public contracts. 
</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to familiarize with the field of complex scenes. The necessity of using accelaration methods is discussed over GPU capabilities. A summary of scene simplification approaches is provided along with examples of rendering methods. Simplified reimplementation of Far Voxels method as a part of this thesis is of great importance, as accompanying discussion helps to provide further knowledge of complex scene issues. Although it is simplified in several aspects, it has also some extra features.</td>]
[<td>This thesis tackles the issue of gradient editing of digital pictures and realization of a simple gradient picture editor. We describe elementary information about gradients, their use in practical tools for image editing and foremost an implementation solution of the gradient editor with use of Math Kernel Library. This thesis presents picture results of our editor's work and also an evaluation of its practical usage, for example a feedback time for the user in dependence on the picture size.</td>]
[<td>This work makes efforts to introduce reader into the issue of the visualization of 3D models. It analyzes and describes automatic methods of the computation of the explosion graph, which defines in what direction and order can be removed parts of the model, such that it can be fully decomposed. The work describes new method for determining object's directions of freedom using computations on the graphics card. Part of this work is a viewing tool for examining exploded model and animating the explosion. Provided application was implemented in the Java language with the help of JOGL library.</td>]
[<td>This work makes efforts to introduce reader into the issue of the visualization of 3D models. It analyzes and describes automatic methods of the computation of the explosion graph, which defines in what direction and order can be removed parts of the model, such that it can be fully decomposed. The work describes new method for determining object's directions of freedom using computations on the graphics card. Part of this work is a viewing tool for examining exploded model and animating the explosion. Provided application was implemented in the Java language with the help of JOGL library.
</td>]
[<td>The paper deals with web and content creating and managment technologies with the copy
angle on the independence on other than web browser-available editors. It attempts to analyze
and compare methods of content creation in estabilished applications with this purpose, to specify
the principles of function of this application based on the results of the analysis and available
knowledge and to design and implement such system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this Bachelor's thesis is to find out, whether it is possible to enable the text input using myoelectric signals registered by appropriate input device. The enabling is done by controlling the mouse cursor, or a part of a keyboard and as the input device is chosen Neural Impulse Actuator (NIA). Calibration and mapping tool is written in C# language and, unlike the original software, it has wider options. The thesis contains appropriate researches, detailed analysis of NIA and basic tests of reliability and usability.</td>]
[<td>The Master Thesis deals with design and implementation of user interface which makes accessible environment of the mobile operation system Android 4.0 and above for blind users. Interface enables to perform basic operations with the system and common used touch gestures. Voice synthesizer, vibration and sound feedback is implemented as a feedback. Interface was tested with 12 targets users following man-machine design process including interviews with focus group and tests in an usability laboratory. The interface can be easily extended with additional modules.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis is to create an application for the Android platform communicating
with the CashBob system, used for 
creating orders in restaurants electronically. The next goal is to extend existing application for mobile
waiters, create a common core for both applications and connect it to the REST interface.
Part of the solution is optimization of source code having regard to the possibility of future extending and testing
including usability tests of the user interface.</td>]
[<td>There are many game objects in modern computer games that need to be represented in a code. The most common way to represent them is via a class hierarchy which unfortunately introduces many problems such as the difficulty of hierarchy modification or a non-reusable code.
This thesis focuses on a modern component-based game objects representation, which is a proper replacement for the class hierarchy. The component-based approach is very user friendly and does not suffer from problems the class hierarchy does. In the thesis a robust game object management system, which uses dividing a code to components and entity systems, was designed.
This designed system was implemented as a set of library classes. Its usability was verified by specialization of the generic library to a library for 2D computer games and implementation of two separate games. The text can be used as a complete introduction to a virtual objects representation.
The thesis proves the advantages of the component-based approaches over the class hierarchy and shows these advantages in practice by implementing two games. It is demonstrated that the components are easily reusable and that they can be managed with constant complexity thus the presented approach is suitable for real-time applications. 
</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces the technology of motion capture, which is used for example in entertainment industry (movies, games, etc.), but also in medical practice, army and robotics. Motion capture is used in medicine in gait laboratories for gait analysis. Gait analysis is the only one tool that allows to understand complex kinetic and kinematic processes occurring during the gait cycle. The thesis describes the problem of motion capture for purposes of the study of human movement with application in medicine. Result of this work is the design and implementation of the experimental system which imitates gait laboratory system. Implemented system records motions through one or more Microsoft Kinect devices and visualizes recorded gait cycle.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to realize a prototypical system which would enable the user to input characters by drawing them with his hand in front of a camera. The system input is a video sequence of character drawing, the output is the matching characters from the system database.
As this work focuses mainly on the input of Japanese characters, the Japanese writing system is described, including strategies used to look up Japanese characters.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on creation and subsequent testing of a program emulating mouse and keyboard. It is based upon libraries using input from a webcam and microphone. It describes works specifications and objectives, followed by an actual implementation. The list of used projects comprises of Ing. Ondøej Poláèek’s VoiceKey and facetracking code from Ing. Ladislav Kunc’s  Talking Head. These libraries were enriched with computer control functions. Also a new predictive keyboard for Czech language was added. 

Testing focuses mainly on usability of the application with regard to the oportunities it brings for disabled people. It also compares the newly created keyboard with Windows 7 on-screen keyboard. Furthermore the advantages that this keyboard brings are discussed.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creating an interior design application for tablet computers. It begins with the assessment of currently available interior design applications for both desktops and tablets. It discusses the possibilities of building such application on the iPad. The specific steps and techniques needed to build the application are described. Suggestions for further development based on user feedback are proposed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design of a module for distribution of computational tasks in a human resources scheduling application. These tasks solvable by anytime algorithms are responsible for elementary operations connected with automatic and semiautomatic timetable design. An anytime algorithm is an algorithm that can be interrupted anytime and the more running time it gets the better quality of the result it provides. This work proposes software architecture for distribution of such tasks on a network of heterogeneous computational nodes. We suggest a two phase scheduling algorithm balancing quality of provided results and response time of the system. The thesis also deals with the human resources scheduling problem itself. We propose a solution based on the Scatter Search hyper–heuristics, which is deployable on the computational nodes. Experiments with both algorithms and a load test of the module confirmed the correctness of the design.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project describes technologies which allow to display 3D content in web browsers. There is a comparison of some technologies from different points of view. Project is focused on system and browser independency, hardware requirements, interaction possibilities and preparation complexity. Project describes also tools and technologies used for creating  3D interactive internet applications.

Applied technology is used for the realization of internet presentation of the company beeing engaged in security and information technology.
</td>]
[<td>Implementation of modern rendering pipeline based on deferred shading is discussed and realized in this work. We focus on extensibility by new advanced algorithms. Firstly methods used in real time are analyzed, it is followed by implementation environment and proposal of architecture of rendering system. The usability was verified in some known methods of computer graphic like shadow maps, depth of field or ambient occlusion. The implementation was realized with respect to simple modifications of rendering pipeline for different rendering in various situations. This system was primarily optimised for real time rendering in modern hardware configurations. Visual quality and time analysis of rendering is disscused at the end.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on modeling of buildings in CityEngine. It introduces users to advantages and possibilities of the used software, and focuses on using scripting language CGA to create 3D models. A reader is introduced to a syntax, the principles of creating and generating models and the most important commands. Written principles for working with the CGA grammar are used in practical tasks and specific examples. The thesis describes the modeling of real buildings according to pictures. It is analysed and converted into grammar rules in the language. This thesis also mentions generating a virtual urban environment.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with data conversion between Google Earth and VRML. Specifically, it explores Google Earth in terms of application programming interface (API). It describes possible ways both how to obtain 3D models presented in Google Earth, including the surrounding terrain, and how to add them to Google Earth. It also describes the file formats used in Google Earth (SKP, KML/KMZ, Collada) and the possibilities of their conversion to VRML. It explores open-source or freeware tools that offer features for such conversion. It defines the basic differences in the structure of VRML and Collada formats in three categories (geometry with appearance, transformations and lighting) which are important for model conversion between these formats. It describes the creation of own converter from COLLADA (KMZ) to VRML. In conclusion, it presents the results of the conversion testing made by means of individual tools, with the assessment of the quality of the final models including founded deficiencies. In some cases possible solutions of deficiencies are suggested.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes the analysis, design and implementation of a simple web photo management application that will allow users to browse and add pictures of the most interesting places in the Czech Republic. The application will include a map with locations search by tags.</td>]
[<td>The easiest way of music notation is plaintext. However, plaintext cannot carry all the information needed (length of notes, rhythm), and the author cannot turn the plaintext into a real music score.
With a software that analyzes the plaintext and comprehends it as a melody, all that an author writes would be automatically recognized and exported to music score in the form of printable image or playing MIDI file.
The aim of my project is to facilitate the process of music writing. 
The application http://mordent.cz has been launched.  It tries to combine the advantage of easy plaintext notation with the comfort of a real music score.
Mordent has been designed as an online freeware so that it can enjoy popularity.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the creating of materials in 3D computer graphics with focus on architecture.
Thesis also contains implementation of whole shader which was created as a plugin for modelling program Autodesk Maya.
Shader was realized with a object-oriented programming language C++ and implemented as a fully-fledged Maya Node, which can be used in architecture practise.
Thesis analyzes the internal structure of Autodesk Maya and familiarize with Maya API in detail.
User manual and instalation manual are part of this thesis too.</td>]
[<td>Práce se zabývá tvorbou zpìtnovazebních her pro terapii za pomoci neurofeedbacku. Hry roz¹iøují neurofeedbackový software, který je urèený pro terapeuty a obsahuje komplexní správu pacientù, sezení a analýzy EEG, pøièem¾ hry jsou nezbytnou souèástí pro neurofedbackovou terapii. Cílem pøi tvorbì her bylo dosáhnout jejich vizuální poutavosti se zvukovými efekty a vytvoøit vìt¹í poèet her tak, aby jejich spektrum zaujalo co nejvìt¹í mno¾ství pacientù.
	Práce obsahuje popis v¹ech her se zamìøením na implementaci zajímavých algoritmù, které nìkteré hry vyu¾ívají. Na konci práce jsou rozebrány mo¾nosti roz¹íøení a úprav her a inspirace na dal¹í hry, vhodné pro neurofeedback.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with a creation of web component using the Adobe Flash in a programming language ActionScript3. The Goal of this thesis is the component presenting and editing video on web pages. It’s possible to create and share annotations of videos. The component enables simple video editing, but component only creates prescription for external application. It’s written about general problem, then analysis, design, implementation and testing of application. Application provides space for people to express themselves. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to propose a way how to recognize and recover relations between
data entities and also relations between graphical user interface elements and data entities
in a modern enterprise information system and do it through a semi-automated process.
This area is not too much researched, although the needs for a large enterprise system
comprehension grow stronger, because current information systems are typically built in
a time pressure, the requirements change often during the implementation and thus the
documentation is often not up-to-date. This is why the maintainability of such systems is
low and future upgrades or improvements are hard to be implemented. It is obvious that an
utility that can help in comprehension of the system behavior is welcome. The reconstruction
of the above mentioned relationships can significantly improve the maintainability of the
particular information system.
The theoretical part of this thesis describes (i) the architecture of enterprise information
systems, i.e. information systems based on J2EE application servers, (ii) techniques of testing
web based applications and (iii) state-of-the-art knowledge on reverse engineering. The
following part proposes a novel technique of database log analysis that makes possible to find
relationships between GUI actions and database state changes. The proposed method was
verified on a real information system developed recently by the Department of Cybernetics
team within the Netcarity project. The final part is focused on evaluation of the achieved
results.</td>]
[<td>The thesis focuses on web-based user interface of a specific information system.
Using user testing the thesis analyzes current state of this interface and describes the differences between the expected and actual behavior of users and defines the causes of poor user-friendliness of the system.
Based on these findings and using the latest procedures and rules for the design of user interfaces of web platform, new user interface templates are created. 

Based on the use cases, behavioral analysis and user of the system requirements, a functionality is identified, whose implementation for mobile platform raises the user friendliness of the system as a whole.
Using the procedures for the design of mobile platforms user interfaces,  native application for Google Android platform is implemented.

Part of this work is also the user testing of newly designed and implemented interfaces including a discussion of the benefits to target users.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of tech-
niques for conversion of existing interactive models from virtual reality in
VRML to web pages with WebGL support. This work includes a prototype
for an extending module V2WI Nodes for SceneJS library, conversion ex-
amples and samples depicting use possibilities. The module functionality
supports behaviour equivalent to interactive VRML nodes, thanks to which
conversion is possible. The result of this project provides verified techniques
and their description for VRML scene creators, extends default functional-
ity of SceneJS with new interactive nodes for users who are unfamiliar with
VRML.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the problem of navigation of visually impaired people, especially in urban areas. The main objective of this thesis is to provide help to visually impaired people in situations when they lose orientation and to reduce their dependence on passers-by. To this purpose, an extensive qualitative research was carried out. The research focuses on the general problem of navigation of visually impaired people in urban areas, as well as on situations when the visually impaired lose orientation and thus become dependent on other people's help. The outcome of this research was a series of hypotheses that were subsequently verified in a quantitative ethnographic field study. On the basis of the knowledge gathered in this study a concept of an automatic assistance center based on the principle of mutual cooperation among visually impaired people was proposed. The center would also offer to visually impaired people a new form of help in situations when they lose orientation.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes analysis, design and implementation of simple tool for 2D annotation of architectural elements. User defines set of architectural elements. Saved annotations can be displayed and edited. Tool can find annotations automatically.</td>]
[<td>Presented work deals with issues of file backup and synchronization implemented
in a cloud computing technology. This work also describes problems of file
versioning and long term storage of backuped files including their versions. One of the
main effort in long-term file storage is maintained data minimalization on the
server side. Data processing on the server side is required to support asynchronnous
run of the whole process. Main goal is creation of reliable system with
universal architecture, which can be easily extended with new features.</td>]
[<td>The thesis documents redesign of existing implementation of the SubVersion library for the Smalltalk/X programming environment.
The reason for this project is that current implementation does not cover whole SubVersion metamodel and 
does not properly separate the code realizing SubVersion metamodel and the code working with the smalltalk code stored in SubVersion.
This is why emphasis in this project is placed on architecture design, design of clean low-level API and code coverage.
The thesis also deals with the possibilities of the transition to a decentralized version control system Git.</td>]
[<td>The upwarding trend in health care refflected in recreational running and increasing ophistication of mobile technology creates space for developing helpful support applications. Listening to music while running can not only make this activity more pleasant, but also improve concentration and rhythm. These two factors are very important for the correctness of the running exercise. The aim of this work is to develop an application that would be able to create a music playlist of songs based on the current running rate in order to unconsciously keep the runner in rhythm - as in dancing, for example. At the time of writing this Bachelor thesis there was no similar type of application. The contribution of this work is the application that grants users a new opportunity to improve recreational running.</td>]
[<td>Subject of this work was to create development environment that will allow the user to create
multi pass rendering effects. Another goal was to enable the development environment to
generate Java code and save and load created projects. Finally, the development environment,
was tested by creating five multi pass effects directly in the development environment.</td>]
[<td>Many web pages try to attract as many visitors as possible with attractive design. However, this comes at a price as clients need to transmit significantly more data. Average size of today's web pages is rising so fast that it actually surpasses the increase in internet connection speeds. This results in slower page load times. Longer wait for page load discourages the visitors resulting in loss of potential customers.

The goal of this thesis is improving the current method for distributing content on the web by introducing a distributed cache. The basic idea is sharing static content from the visited web pages between their visitors. By providing a small amount of their resources visitors help spread the static content distributed by web servers. In comparison to the current model of obtaining the content  needed to render a page, this innovative approach brings excellent scalability because the number of content providers increases along with the number of clients requesting the content.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design of an algorithm for the human resource scheduling. This work offers an overview of approaches to rostering problem solving in literature. The algorithm using adaptive neighborhood search method was selected to implement on the basis of the research. There is the testing and implementation of modifications of the algorithm described in detail. There are also two different formats of instances analyzed and described. The converter between these types of instances was created in this thesis. The analysis and
implementation of the import of shifts from a database to employees calendar is also included in this work. The import module and created algorithm were tested and the thesis contains a description of these experiments.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis is to create interactive web application, which will be presenting 3D model of Old Town Square together with the draft on the completion of Old Town Hall by architect Josef Goèár from the early 20th century. In the theoretical part of this thesis we compare VRML, X3D and X3DOM, technologies which can help us to realize the application. One of these technologies is used to implement interactive application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of software part of SCADA system for supervisory, analysis and visualisation of environment in underground mines. Thesis is developed for company CUTTER Systems spol. s r.o. Aim project is system instalation in new mining site in Turkey in the first quarter of 2013</td>]
[<td>This work deals with mapping of texture on human figure. This is achieved with tracking of human body with depth sensor using the OpenNI and projection of pictures or videos on the figure of projector. The resulting shape and position corresponds to the user, who can move freely around the stage. The projection prevents a calibration process, which is described in this work. The result of calibration is transformation matrix, which ensures the transfer of data between the sensor and the projector.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with computation fluid dynamics and its application on real time fluid dynamics simulation. The aim of this work is to create C++ library that allows to user write his own rendering for fluid dynamics using this library for computation.</td>]
[<td>With the increasing popularity of winter resorts and snow parks and also thanks to massive using of social networks, more users have been looking for a quality record of their tricks on obstacles in the park. Due to less availability of high-quality technologies, these shots are available only in a relatively narrow circle of riders. According to this need and constraints, projects supporting records and sharing videos of needed qualities arise. The aim of this work
is to create an application that could be a part of such a project. The application is designed for visitors of winter centers that are mainly dedicated for the snow park obstacles jumpers. This application monitores their movements and generates a le that contains the GPS location and information about the moment at which a specic point was passed. Having these data, the server this data is loaded on should be able to reconstruct the entire passage and later generate feedback such as videos or photos. The main contribution of this work is creating the ability to obtain data of the user's location within the park in such a way that later they can be further processed.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this bachelor thesis is to create 3D model of two corridors and a loft in section of building FEE CTU near Karl’s square. Description of theoretical basics in 3D graphic, including light and his behavior in a nature, Phong illumination model and basic algorithm are used for rendering is also part of the thesis. The progress of work is documented and made a tutorial. It is put emphasis on measuring accuracy, authenticity of used materials and realistic illumination of the scene. The thesis will be used for simulating illumination conditions in the modeled scene, mainly for future simulation applied in augmented reality. The software called VRUT, supplied by CTU, should be used for walking through the model. The result of the project is comparison of real photos with renders form software used for modeling and with renders from VRUT application.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis aims at designing and implementing the system for processing data using web services. Thesis contains system requirements analysis, choosing supporting technologies, architecture and implementation of prototype of server and client parts and last but not least demonstration and testing on chosen tasks.</td>]
[<td>The simulation of the motoric impairment of computer users allows a healthy human, to put himself into the role of an invalid person and to imagine his problems while using the conventional computer input devices.
This can be achieved using the hardware devices or software methods. I designed and made such a hardware device. Additionally I created a program application that can imitate some motoric limitations of an invalid person, who works with the computer. I compared the hardware and software solutions in my user study.
</td>]
[<td>Thanks to grant from The Ministry of Culture and cooperation with Department of Czech Language at Science Academy of Czech Republic which creates possibilities for software development of new educational applications. Main task of this paper is to create expandable system for education at czech high schools. My task was to create two aapplications for this system. In this paper is the whole process of development, from analysis through design, implementation and testing to the end product.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis presents complete development process of Module for conversion of manual test scripts. Developed module converts test scripts between internal representation (realised via relational MySQL database) and general external format. The final application implements the option to import/export CVS, XML files, and to another external relational database. Application was developed in PHP using Nette framework.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of the reservation system for
laboratories at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering. The main contribution of this
work is the possibility to simply organize rooms without a complex arrangement
between employees of the faculty.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work was to develop a controller based on Arduino platform, capable of controlling LED light chain and audio player, reacting to its environment and communicating with other units. Purpose of this controller is to be applied as interactive audiovisual navigation, autonomously aiding visitors to find their way to appointed destination. Multiple units are used to create a navigational network along the path, preventing visitors to get lost and pleasing their way with colorful visuals. Audio output is used to further enhance user experience, and also to provide accessibility for visually impaired people.  All networked units are remotely controllable and configurable. </td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes the options for Android custom launcher for the visually impaired. This work describes possible ways to control the user interface and problems that, only by the help of speech synthesis, sound and vibration feedback, can occur. Based on the analysis of already available solutions and test of custom prototype with users, the sample launcher will be designed and implemented.

The work also includes analysis and design capabilities of the system for collecting data from the device. Data may be generated by the system or other applications. The data collection will use Funf Open Sensing Framework, which will be described more, and a new class for the framework, to collect data from other custom applications, will be designed. Data is archived and sent to the server for further processing and analysis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with issues of board games adaptation into a computer version in the web setting. Trends in adaptation of board games into the field of web applications are observed in the frame of the thesis. Technological potential of modern web browsers is also assessed. The acquired knowledge is used to design the adaptation of an existing board game and to implement the client as well as server part of the web application. The result of the thesis is a web application which enables more players to play a particular board game on separate computers. The application was subjected to user tests which did not detect serious errors to such an extent that would prevent it from publishing. The inseparable part of the thesis is a preparation of materials for the follow-up advertising of the web game on social networks and community servers.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with the making of a web application in Java Enterprise Edition. The
application allows simple administration of the school, the approach to classication for the
legal guardians, assign tests by teachers and their working out by students.
The work will be based on studying the issue of school administration and the fundamental
needs of school. The part of the work will be research work available to applications
dealing with this issue on the czech market, realization a proper solution that will allow the
administration of the school and its presentation on the internet and inform the parents.
The solution is veried by static tests, unit tests, Selenium tests and user tests.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to analyze, design and implement client supporting UIProtocol, re- alized upon HTML5 technologies. UIProtocol is used for communication between client and server, and withal defines appearance and behavior of user interface. HTML5 UIProtocol client will be supporting this protocol and will be use communication over HTML5 Web- Sockets. In cooperation with application proxy, which analysis, design and implementation is also part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dealing with pseudo-realistic image synthesis for real-time applications using the principle of photon mapping. It implements the Image Space Photon Mapping technique and improves it so that the major part of computation is GPU accelerated. The result is sufficiently realistic/plausible rendering of the 3D scene with indirect illumination, computed fast enough so the scene can be manipulated and navigated interactively.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with technologies SOAP and RESTful web services,  compares their architectures, demands of their implementation and communication capability. Subsequent findings are used to deploy a web application for managing results of motocross races organized by Autoklub CR. Management of motocross racing consists of measuring the racers' time in the individual races and their subsequent evaluation. The emphasis is on speed, reliability and simplicity of the user interface. The work includes testing client that tests the function as well as communication through web services.</td>]
[<td>Global illumination always played a key role in realistic computer generated image synthesis.
Many algorithms have been developed to compute realistic images in reasonable time, though
rendering volumetric phenomena such as smoke including volumetric caustics, complex glossy
reflection and refraction paths is still time demanding task. Recently some new radiance
caching approaches and progressive rendering techniques were discovered. This thesis aims
to test accuracy and feasibility of selected progressive rendering techniiques on various scenes
containing heterogenous participating media.</td>]
[<td>Many deeds of communication, mainly on the internet, and multimedia content distribution and protection utilize asymmetric cryptoghraphy. This work informs about the possible attack on the asymmetric ciphers. This threat is posed by the quantum computer - a device capable of efficient solving hard mathematical problems which the asymmetric ciphers are built upon. This thesis gives an introduction to the topics of Discrete Logarithm Problem (DLP) and El-Gamal's cryptosystem.
In the first part we show how it is possible to quickly solve the DLP using quantum computer. In the second part, we construct the necessary quantum circuits for doing so. The circuits are designed to support easy creation of multi-bit circuits by repeating some
simple pattern of chaining the given quantum gates.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the Nurse Rerostering Problem (NRRP) occuring at companies with an irregular workload. This problem arises when an original roster is disrupted by some absence of a nurse at the rostering period and the original roster becomes unfeasible. Then, it is necessary to make changes at the roster to make it feasible again. However, the new modified roster should be as similar to original one as possible. Finding an optimal solution of this problem is very time consuming operation since it is NP-hard. The objective of this thesis is to design and implement the parallel algorithm solving NRRP on a Graphical Processing Unit. A significant speedup is achieved in comparsion to a sequential version of the algorithm.</td>]
[<td> Indirect illumination is the fundamental part of realistic image synthesis. Its evaluation is computationally expansive and usually highly dependent on geometrical complexity of the scene. 
  
	This thesis deals with the real-time indirect illumination. We examine the state of the art algorithms in this field and one of them, the Voxel Cone Tracing introduced by Crassin et al. in 2011, is implemented. The implementation uses capabilities of a modern GPU and is capable to render diffuse indirect illumination, glossy surfaces and ambient occlusion. This implementation is tested on five different scenes and produces satisfactory approximation of indirect illumination in interactive frame rates.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to design and implement an autonomous device. Such a device is
capable of recording a video with incorporated UTC timestamp with the precision of
one hundredth of second. The timestamp is synchronized by the DCF77 signal. In the
first part of the thesis, we analyze current solutions of time synchronization, the I2C
bus and the microcontroller – CMOS communication over the I2C bus. In the second
part, we will design our own autonomous device using the components and approaches
from the previous part. We design our device in a way that is capable of working either
alone or as a part of a swarm.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the implementation of the web application designed for manual testing scripts checking according to the assigned rules and checking parameters. Application is programmed in PHP language, with the usage of its CodeIgniter framework for easement of the development itself. It also uses very popular MySQL database for data storage. Application comes out of the customer requirements and the work also includes the analysis, system design and implementation of it. The main goal of the work is to ease and to automate the manual testing scripts checking and to allow editing of the given scripts and storing the results in the database for later usage.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis describes the designing and subsequent implementation of web applications for the Formula Student Team CTU CarTech. Each year the team creates two formulas with which races around the world. Construction of formulas requires a large number of people and money. The system is primarily focused on organization of these people, cars and sponsors who support the project financially.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses about development of mobile applications for people with special cognitive needs and it is trying to find solutions for these applications to increase rate of accessibility for this target group on the basis of theoretical and practical knowledge in the area of special education, psychlogy and Information Technology.

Individual development phase builds on these foundations and provide interesting insights that gradually define good practice for the development of mobile applications focused on accessibility for this target group. In the design and implementation phase the work focuses on the creation of framework for both developers and assistants, using already proven techniques of software system architectures. The work is based on hypotheses that were tested during the development and description of the thesis deals with the analysis phase and testing.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis offers theoretical and practical insights to problem of auto scaling in general and research of auto scaling offered by Amazon. The second part of this paper offers an auto scaling application implemented for use in private IaaS clouds.</td>]
[<td>The goal and purpose of this bachelor work is to design and partly implement graphical vector editor controlled by only voice commands and humming. Outcome of this work is desktop application with graphical user interface, written in Java. Application is made for drawing basic shapes users, who can´t use mouse and keyboard in normal way.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the extension of the project generator thin client technology to monitor the process. It is a tool that, to some extent, to automate creation of monitoring clients to visualize and modify variable values of the monitored device. The work deals with the creation of reference monitoring server.

First, a study that includes a search already created system. It is also examined in 
search of technologies on which they are created schemes of technological processes 
(modbas, SVG and SCADA).
The important part here also a description of what has been created and what is the 
new contribution of new features.
After the analysis and monitoring of requirements specifications expanding client and 
thin client generator. Furthermore, the proposal of the extension. Extending 
according to the proposed scheme is implemented and tested by a verification plan 
prepared. Another part is the analysis and specification reference monitoring server. 
Furthermore, the design of a reference server. Reference monitoring server is an 
application under the proposed concept is implemented and tested to ready 
verification plan. Both parts are then tested with the user.</td>]
[<td>This paper addresses basic theory used for spatial imaging. It describes to a reader scanning methods and provides a basic overview of the technology used for stereoscopic video imaging. Furthermore it analyses the camera setup process necessary for the most believable resulting effect. The main part of the thesis focuses on a designed application with specific process of setting the camera system up and displaying of the views from the individual cameras. The result of this thesis is the application with realization of some of the elements of the design. The thesis concludes with the summary of the testing results, and both positives and negatives of the application.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the automation of morphometric analysis and taxonomic classification of bee races using computer vision. The subject of the work is to create a program for detection of the intersections of veins in the input images of wings. Program calculates the 30 characters described in DAWINO method. Subsequently, the calculated characteristics are statistically evaluated and program calculates the probability of the competence with which the sample belongs to the standards of pure races. A part of the work is a description of the methods of determination of bee races and review of existing programs which have been for this purpose created. </td>]
[<td>Contemporary enterprise systems introduce multiple challenges for software engineers and developers. Multiple approaches exist to deal with business rules such as validation, contextual or cross-cutting rule, tangled with security policies, etc. Unfortunately, standard technological approaches are complex, fail to effectively represent system knowledge and introduce knowledge restatement. In consequence, developers are forced to use custom and non-standardized approach that covers the business rules, but usually leads to information restatement, code tangling and hard to maintain solutions.

This thesis introduces an alternative concept based on an independent efficient knowledge declaration through a domain specific language (DSL). Business information is captured in DSL and can be transformed into a context and this can be accessible to all application layers, while not introduction any kind of information restatement. As the result, it opens the way to design applications adaptable to user's context. Furthermore, this thesis presents a proof-of-concept study that demonstrates reduction of information restatement, amount of code, error proneness and significantly increases application maintainability.</td>]
[<td>Aim of my work was ready software development environment very platform independent. During the work I should be addressing the problems related to threads and other subjects related to memory optimisation. This I managed to complete thanks to the development of the unique modification of the core. Then was necessary to create frequent acceleration accelerating the functionality for text editor. The solution should be very lightweight, as to memory consumption. This I have achieved and I got to the size of an executable application under 10 MB. With a partly reconstruction of the kernel and development of the entire application on lightened core. Applications should be addressed as a desktop application, it should be able to search and mark errors. Furthermore, it should be adjustable using external XML files and should be able to recognize languages like PHP, Java and SQL. This part I still managed to expand for the knowledge of several other languages. During my project I will disassemble my thought processes that led me to select the algorithms and data structures utilized subsequently during development.</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to designing a system for generating route descriptions for visually
impaired people. Complete system for creating such descriptions is designed and
implemented. Work starts by analyzing mobility and orientation capabilities of visually
impaired people. Then it discusses, how can be a suitable source of map data used to create
descriptions of urban areas for them. Complete algorithm for automatic generation of
such descriptions is proposed. Solution includes schema for retrieving data from GIS data
source, extracting essential information and creating naturally sounding route description
with use of context of individual map elements. This algorithm supports customizing generated
description according to end-user’s preferences which makes it very flexible and easily
modifiable.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the design of a web application designed for the football club. In this thesis were compared the existing solutions that were considered when designing an application. The implementation was built on the Java EE platform. Designed application simplifies and unifies the procedures for the inside and outside the football club. Finally, the achievements were summarized and designed application is compared with the existing solutions.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis „Testing of online tools for composition of web pages“ is aimed at testing the selected services which enable people to create websites even if they do not possess the knowledge of advanced web technologies. Author divided the thesis into two main blocks.

The first block is focused at the usability of said services. First, the author tested the tools during an expert analysis and on its basis created tests of usability for user-involved testing. At the end of this block author compares the results of the expert analysis and the results of the user-involved testing.

The second block is aimed at the accessibility of services and the accessibility of the web pages created with these tools. The accessibility testing was also performed by both expert analysis and user-involved testing. The results are compared in the last part of the block.

The final part of the thesis is focused on evaluation of the entire testing. It compares individual services based on the results of accessibility and usability testing.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with what is actually a social network, what are their brief history. It also discusses specific social network called Twitter, specifically the way we can obtain and process geographic information, analysis technologies for extraction and processing of said data, describing the application and its testing. Visualization will be based on this information and they will be displayed on the world map and using variety of charts.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create a particle system implemented on GPU (Graphic Processing Unit) in visual programming toolkit vvvv. It’s application enables to simulate graphical effects on virtual model, which is controlled by an actor with motion capture device Microsoft Kinect. This thesis should help authors of contemporary art to create more interesting works of art.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to create an unified experimental environment in SEAGE project. This environment integrates the RapidMiner tool. In RapidMiner environment output data are analyzed from the project SEAGE, obtained from experimental runs. They are processed using statistical and data mining techniques. Thanks to information from the analysis of the output files can be generated a better set of parameters for meta-heuristic algorithms. In addition, the experimental environment can visualize collected metadata into transparent HTML reports.</td>]
[<td>Study and select:
- SaaS architecture for Android platform, 
- appropriate technology for the server and the client part,
- interface between the client and the server with usage of the REST architecture,
- appropriate database for the client and the server, 
- connection to API of the Facebook,
- method how to generate QR codes on the server and displaying them on the client.


Using selected technologies implement client-server application, which will allow users to connect to the application server, make photos, read and view QR codes, store data on server and Facebook. Server will support basic administration of users and data. Server also supports QR codes generation and their sending to a client. Test whole application on at least ten users.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to study the communication through MIDI protocol and also tries to find the appropriate and suitable way, how to visualize it.

The thesis is implementation-oriented so that includes the application, which visualizes the MIDI protocol in real time. The application is physically divided into two parts. The first one works as a VST plugin and sends MIDI messages to the second part, where they
are visualized.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes analysis, design and implementation of simple editor,
which enables user to create floor plan of a single-storey apartment
and view three-dimensional scene constucted from the floor plan.</td>]
[<td>Thesis deals with the synchronization of different kinds of data between different operating systems and devices. Primary is this thesis focused on contacts, calendar events, bookmarks and files synchronization. Every application was tested by specially designed tests, in order to find out deficiencies and malfunctioning elements. There are two types of tests, static and dynamic. Static verify features designed by developer, for example speed of synchronization, configuration options, support for national environment (eg. diacritic) and supported platforms and devices. Dynamic tests are focused on application reaction on data changes. The main benefit of this thesis should be analyze of existing solutions and comparison of their advantages and disadvantages. For tests is used point score, because of it’s clarify. Sum of these points determines final position of application in table.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this Bachelor’s thesis is a creation of multipurpose racing simulation engine by using the OpenGL and other extern libraries. The project is written in C++ language and it is possible to run it on the Linux and Windows platforms. It uses external physical engine(Bullet Physics or ODE). Option is possible to change in the project options. Wide configurability is the other feature which enables an user to use the project for many purposes. The thesis contains testing of the project in different levels of load, it is a testing in variable complex geometry and different amount of dynamic objects.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on the implementation of a cultural information portal for young people, including its administrative interface for the promoters and organizers. The system is programmed using object-oriented PHP language and for easier implementation and security, the open-source Codelgniter (www.codelgniter.com) framework is used. For more dynamic operation and user-friendliness, AJAX technology is used, however, this work examines it only marginally. A free MySQL is used as a database. The aim of the project itself is to provide young people with a quick and handy overview of events in their area, according to their preferences. Last but not least, the system is going to make it easier for the promoters and organizers to promote on the Internet. This work examines the implementation and testing of the system. </td>]
[<td>This thesis is about project Settle Up - a mobile application for organizing group expenses. It contains a description of Android implementation, but the main focus is on activity after the release such as feedback, localization, cooperation with iPhone developers, marketing, measurements of user behaviour and monetization. The goal is to provide valuable advice to other mobile developers about how to succeed in a global market.</td>]
[<td>This work present two levels design of crowd simulation. The first level is simulation and second level is visualization. The language for agent motion description is designed too.
The simulation application is derived from social forces model. The effor it to reduce wrong abilities of this model and adapt output for motion description language. The visualization application interpret this language and display agents move in 3D.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the website application provides functions which allow easy elaboration of the appearance of the website and aids in the addition of different components for the administration of articles, dicussion and actions. One of the main benefits of this application is that all these possibilities are opened up in parallel to more users. As a result, the application is already set up with other expansion options as proposed. Another benefit is the development of new technologies which could have major uses in the future.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents a design of a gesture recognition system for hand-held devices with Android OS that is based on discrete hidden Markov models. As a gesture here is considered a hand movement with a device, not a hand-drawn shape on a touch screen, or a movement captured by a camera. In addition to hidden Markov model classifier, the thesis contains an analysis of movement detection sensors supported by Android OS, description of preprocessing steps applied on data from 3D accelerometer, namely: automatic gesture data segmentation, removal of the effects of the way the device is held and how vigorously (fast) the gesture is made from the data.

The result of the thesis is an implementation of the proposed gesture recognition system in Java, as well as the evaluation of the implemented recognizer on the set of chosen test gestures in both user dependent  and independent cases.
 </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is supposed to review the accessibility of government websites. To review them, certain rules and guides have been created, based on consultation with users. Results of the test with users have been used to verify the base premises. The rules were used for verification of accessibility of 10 chosen government websites. Review has been made for every each of these sites, including charts displaying area of the issue.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to create a mash-up of different technologies to explore possibilities of using ETL processes in the data profiling. The result of the work will be an application which will provide functionalities for an user to create &amp; run profiling jobs and to see reports of the profiling process. This application is just a proof of concept not a ready-to-use profiling tool.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with redesign of graphic user interfaces of PUBLICVOTE voting system developed by Mediawork group company. Redesign process consists of target users analysis, voting systems analysis, design, implementation and testing of developed solution. Outcome of this work is to redesign of graphic interface for projector, operating staff station and design of new voting solution using tablets. 
</td>]
[<td>Children are now living in a world that is no longer filled with real-life experience only: they can see fairies and monsters coming to life in modern rendered movies, and play with complicated electronic toys their grand-parents would consider too complex to be even called a toy. Contemporary children often know how to operate the newest mobile device, but can struggle narrating a short story or describing their summer vacation experiences. Such problems often cause a postponement of the school attendance, a trend that is still present in todays society.
We tried to look further into special aids designed to help preschool children preparing for their school lives and ensuring smooth start in the educational process, and designed an application that would help them merge the fascinating experience of the interactive world together with acquiring the knowledge and skills they need. We intended particularly to discover how should an interactive educational application look like to appeal to young children and comply with the concept of learning through playing. Taking similar projects into account, we concentrated mainly on the visual experience, which is the most important area considering the target group - preschool children.
This work thus contains a research into childrens school readiness, guidelines for design centered on young children and a description of the design process of a prototype we created that is based on these guidelines. We intended to create an interactive educational application that aims to provide children with a plausible and beautiful visual experience, teaching them the basics while remaining playful, providing them with joy that results from an accomplished task and motivating them so to proceed further in the educational process.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work was to implement web application, enabling registred users to create PDF calendar with their own photographs and events. After search of the existing implementations has been assembled design and analysis of solution. The application has been implemented with PHP, Nette Framework, PDF creator library TCPDF and some HTML5 and CSS3 technologies. The most important parts of the implementation are described in this work. Part of work is usability test with users. It took place in Ulab at Karlovo námìstí. Test results has been used to correct some design or logical errors. Users guide is attached.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with VRML visualisation of historical center of Moravske Budejovice and subsequent scene presentation on city website. The thesis introduces various methods of measuring, modeling and texturing. It also analyses possibilities of extending the model and testing the interface with users.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this work is comparison of VRML browsers, specifically theirs advanced graphic techniques such as layered textures, bump textures, shaders and shadows. It was necessary to create scene which include objects suitable for testing. For example carpets, mirrors, glass of
water, bump surfaces. Outcome of this work is consideration, which of the VRML browsers provides us, with better tools for photo-realistic real time imaging</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis is focused on application development for mobile OS Android. The aim of this application is to simplify the work of waiters, and thus increase the efficiency of the enterprise. The application will work so that a waiter receives the order from the guests, he writes it to the system and order will be sent to the central database, where other kitchen workers will be able to access it through the web application. The whole system is designed to simplify and accelerate the sharing of information between company employees. Acceleration of work with orders is in terms of efficient operation of the restaurant important to reduce the time customers wait for the ordered food. This step can increase the number of restaurant guests, thus turnover.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with picture degradation according to real defects of optical devices in order to enhance realism for virtual reality. Implemented as a module for VRUT.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement a digital archive system for the Liferay portal. In the first part, the thesis deals with an analysis of the Liferay portal and the Fedora data store. Utilization of the Kramerius system---or parts of it---is considered in the next part; however, based on the analysis, it is ruled that the Kramerius system will not be used. Finally, requirements for the archive system are defined and the archive is implemented and tested using Fedora data store.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with realization of decryption and electronic signing of intelligent forms content
through a thin client. It introduces the basic principles of cryptography of which electronic signing, encryption
and decryption are based on and the possibilities of practical programmatical realization of these operations.
The result of this work is the functional prototype for electronic signing
of intelligent forms content on four target platforms and the implementation of the server counterpart
enabling a validation of client-made signature.
Submitted solutions accomplish one of the main terms of practical applicability - simple and intuitive
usability for non-expert users without the need of non-trivial installation.    </td>]
[<td>This work should be used to simulate Electronic Flight Instrument System (EFIS) of Boeing 787 aircraft. The solution will simulate various cockpit displays and will also implement the control panels to allow interaction with the EFIS. It will be also implemented an interface between EFIS and the platform which will provide simulation of the external environment and the physical model. The system will be designated for semi-professional use. In future, in the case of successful certification, it could be used for real flight crew training.</td>]
[<td>Main objective is to create a system that would help developers rapidly create web applications adhering to the principles of Representational State Transfer architecture using only client-side code. In the thesis we identify Node.js and JavaScript programming language as the perfect candidates for implementing such system, given the fact that JavaScript is ubiquitous on current generation of internet enabled devices. We define SPD schema as a novelty approach for defining data model and server interface, leveraging existing protocols and minimizing number of protocols used in order to simplify the third party development. We verify our findings by implementing a proof-of-concept SPD application server and two reference applications. Using the scoring mechanism established in our research, we find that the newly proposed system outperforms the current state of the art.</td>]
[<td>One of the main problems nowadays which people face while using different Internet resources
is misleading and false information, which is no one protected from. This problem
may lead to different serious unpleasant results such as learning wrong information, making
unwanted conclusions and so on. This problem is especially urgent and important
today as a lot of children use the Internet to learn new things and there is a huge risk for
them to learn potentially wrong information.
This bachelor’s thesis discusses design and implementation of the website voting system
which will show the users the opinions about the page or the article of people who
have already examined it. It will be shown in a form of graphs and number of votes for
and against the web-page, there will also be comments to prove the voter’s point of view.
To make sure such system is worth existing and can be used by any types of the users
after the application is created several tests are going to be held. These tests will be divided
into two groups: testing without users (with experts) and testing with users. Both of these
groups of testing will show the ability of people with and without any special technological
or designing skills to use the application properly and to understand what it is needed for.
As a result of the created application and testing held with different types of people all
pros and cons of the application will be found out and the application will be ready to be
used.</td>]
[<td>This thesis consists of several parts. The first part is dedicated to technologies that allow to users display 3D real building model using web services. It comprehensively compares VRML, WebGL, Flash3D and Google Earth technologies by several aspects. The second part deals with presentation of real building virtual model and the model virtual scenes implementations using these technologies. The final presentation must meet criteria for high quality scene display, user interface, user control interaction and must be compatible with standard web browsers. The purpose of this work is to provide an overview and comprehensive description of significant advantages and disadvantages of mentioned technologies to programmers or developers, and also to provide this virtual building model to more internet visitors supported by modern technologies.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creating an interior design application for tablet computers. It begins with the assessment of currently available interior design applications for both desktops and tablets. It discusses the possibilities of building such application on the iPad. The specific steps and techniques needed to build the application are described. Suggestions for further development based on user feedback are proposed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with approximate visibility computations for interactive global illumination
methods. It consists of two main parts. In the first part, various interactive global illumination
methods are described. The second part deals with implementation of imperfect
shadow maps. This method is based on instant radiosity and it uses shadow mapping technique
to determine visibility. Imperfect shadow maps are implemented into a virtual reality
environment VRUT (Virtual Reality Universal Toolkit) as a render module.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is to create a module for displaying volumetric data of human pelvis and polygonal models of surgical screws. This module will serve as an interactive simulator of surgery of the pelvis and will be a part of a larger educational application. It will let the
tutors create simulations from actual data acquired from CT scans, into these simulations students will place screws and other surgical implants. This module will be put into real use as a tool for tuition and examining of medical students.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with Classification plugin for system EDUX. It contains information about analysis and implementation of  improvements for its user interface. Realised interface should enhance user experience with the system and also will provide a tool for
filtering students and displaying statistics.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project describes technologies which allow to display 3D content in web browsers. There is a comparison of some technologies from different points of view. Project is focused on system and browser independency, hardware requirements, interaction possibilities and preparation complexity. Project describes also tools and technologies used for creating  3D interactive internet applications.

Applied technology is used for the realization of internet presentation of the company beeing engaged in security and information technology.
</td>]
[<td>My diploma thesis is dedicated to tram driver scheduling problem. It describes and
explains related terminology and what is more important it explains in detail all related
constraints and of course provides the solution of this NP-hard problem.
After introduction, exact specification and Iinteger Linear Programing formulation of
tram driver scheduling problem is proposed and result is demonstrated on small data
instance. Then three variants of developed algorithm creating driver schedules are proposed.
Each of the variants is explained and described in detail. Created driver schedules are
evaluated in terms of paid duration of schedule and required number of drivers. The
evaluation is based on real data instances provided by transportation company.
In the last part of this thesis the results are presented. Important fact is, that driver
schedules created by developed algorithm are more efficient in terms of paid duration of
schedule than manually created driver schedules.</td>]
[<td>The main objective of this thesis was to create a mobile assistance application for visually impaired people, intended to help them with orientation problems. The thesis focuses on the problem of continuous user location capture, on detecting movements of the device, and resolving its context. There was a requirement of maintaining sufficient battery life of the device. Furthermore this thesis focuses on implementation of accessible user interfaces for touch enabled devices. The application is intended to be running on Android OS.
As a result it has been managed to implement a stable application – which can capture user’s location – as well as a usable user interface. Thanks to application tests and feedback provided by participants of the tests a lot of output data has been acquired. This output data will be used as worthy input in further phases of this project.</td>]
[<td>Finite state machine is one of the tools used for testing of applications. In the general awareness of students is finite automaton only the one, which has initial and final state or states and is used mainly as language automaton. The aim of this thesis is to show how finite automata can be used for testing many types of applications and systems. Each transition in the machine can generate outputs and there does not have to be any final state. The behaviour of the machine can be observed depending on the generated output.
Besides receiving final machine are presented and defined terms such as Mealy machine, Moore machine. More complex family of machines is called X-machines. This thesis explains the main principles of construction of each set of tests for Mealy machines, including examples. In addition to the test sets are defined terms such as distinguishing or synchronizing sequence. These sequences are useful during work with machines such as the differentiation the states. All of these principles, terms and algorithms are used to create the software library. The implementation is realized in the programming language Python.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on modeling of buildings in CityEngine. It introduces users to advantages and possibilities of the used software, and focuses on using scripting 	language CGA to create 3D models. A reader is introduced to a syntax, the principles of creating and 	generating models and the most important commands. Written principles for working with the CGA grammar are used in practical tasks and specific examples. The thesis describes the modeling of real buildings according to pictures. It is analysed and converted into grammar 	rules in the language. This thesis also mentions generating a virtual urban environment.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the creation of effective web application e-shop for the
organisation Eurocontracts s.r.o., which concentrates on the sales and the distribution of the
electronic devices, especially the devices of the radio communication and the electronic
connecting links. The given task is to make administrative work more effective. This matter
covers particularly simplification of contacting the customers and making billing more clear. The
task was solved using the technologies html, css, javascript, PHP. The author used these
technologies to create the final application save according to the modern standards for running
similar web applications. The proposed solution allows the administrator of the web application
to use particularly these main categories of the functionality requirements: Evidence of users,
Evidence of goods and Evidence of orders. Detailed description of each of these categories is
referred to in the conclusion of this thesis. The gain of this thesis can be seen especially in the
separation of the presentation layer from perzistant. This separation guarantees more security to
the application and makes it more user friendly.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with issues of expressing privacy policies using the P3P 1.1 technology, which is defined by W3C specification. It examines the existing software tools and solutions for creating P3P policies, describes their advantages and disadvantages for typical authors of P3P policies and also casual unexperienced users. It is important, because main goal of this thesis is to design software tool for P3P policies editation and implement prototype of this tool. Other main goal of this thesis is to find a way how to semantically validate created policies using semantic technologies - OWL and SPARQL - DL.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, we focus on comparison of software, which can solve large sparse systems of~linear equations. In the thesis, we describe, what are the large sparse linear systems, its solving methods, applications in area of digital image processing, and sparse linear solvers. Next, we compare these solvers by computation time, precision and maximal size of system, which software can solve. We selected programming environment MATLAB and libraries Math Kernel Library, MOSEK and OpenNL to compare.</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to research of existing text input methods for mobile devices and subsequently on development and testing of an own input method with the usage of multitouch gestures on devices with the Android operating system. The text describes the whole development from prototypes to the first functional versions of the application, which are tested with users to find out their intuitiveness, typing speed, speed of learning the method etc. The results of usability testing describe if the method would be usable in the real life and in competition with other, already existing methods. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is get know with issues of data mining and data
mining methods feature ranking a feature selection. Next study methods to
compare results from feature ranking a feature selection and these methods are
methods for compute correlation coefficient – Kendall's rank correlation
coefficient and Spearman's rank correlation coefficient. The second part of
work is get know and study DMvisual application. Then program and add into
application Spearman's rank correlation, adaptable log parser and test data
generator. On the end, test comparative methods with real and artificial data.</td>]
[<td>This work compares techniques used in the mapping of 2D image to real 3D objects using projection. Own solution of the issue is there designed, The structure of its implementation in VVVV environment is described along with the results of testing this prototype.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and perform a comprehensive test that will examine driver behavior during complex external stimuli (visual, sound and mechanic) using the Lane Change Test Simulator application. The work also contains evaluation of test results and assessment of secondary stimuli with an estimate of the proportion of individual components of the load.</td>]
[<td>The thesis firstly deals with an introduction of description logics and issues of integrity constraints of ontologies. Subsequently, it describes analysis, design and implementation of a tool for management of the integrity constraints, which was developed as a plug-in for the Protégé ontologies editor. The tool provides among others also components, in which the integrity constrains are depicted, once in a form of a graph, secondly in their text record. The tool further enables to validate a concrete ontology by chosen integrity constraints. A~part of the thesis is also devoted to the methods of creating of the plug-ins for the extendable program Protégé.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with creating a web platform using the WebGl technology. The web platform should be designed with regard to its future development. Objectives and requirements of the web platform are determined. There is a description of selected technologies enabling to display 3D graphics in a web browser and the current solution in the form of WebGl frameworks is evaluated. The procedure is that the solution is analyzed and proposed with regard to the requirements based on the needs of the resulting application where the user is located in the space environment with asteroids and compete with other users.

The test did not reveal any significant shortcomings of the application. The application mostly appeared to be stable. Problems have been resolved with the recording of objects in the scene. Basic collisions, physics, network communication and many more features were implemented. A good basis was created on which it could be built in the future. Some gaps could be found in the scene lighting and some other imperfections. </td>]
[<td>In the introductory section, the reader can read about the importance of the Internet and related web technologies. The thesis deals with helpdesks systems that facilitate the requirements management. The theoretical part is important for understanding the context of applicatons which are created for cloud environments. The practical part is focused on the project configuration and deployment on Google AppEngine server and finally it clarifies how to use Google Web Toolkit framework. Different types of testing methods have been used during and after the development phase and they are described in chapter Testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis concerns about point cloud processing, specifically about planar segmentation of point clouds. Planar segmentation finds its use in 3D digital reconstruction of objects from the real world. Currently, there has been significant interest to automate the process of data reconstruction, planar segmentation is one of the basic parts of this process.

Specifically, the goal of this thesis is to implement an algorithm, that will perform the segmentation as automatically as possible and in sufficient quality. The algorithm is implemented as a part of reconstruction software ArchiRec3D.</td>]
[<td>The objective of the project was to develop UIProtocol client for Android OS, able to communicate with UIProtocol server using UIProtocol, which is standardized language fot describing user interfaces. Such client has not yet been developed for Android devices. Implementation of client will help spread the use of programs written in UIProtocol to area of mobile devices.</td>]
[<td>The topics of this bachelor thesis are music synthesis and generative art. These two themes are joined in creative application, which design and implementation are described in the practical part of this project. Teoretical section presents existing ways of sound creating and
decribes methods of generative art.</td>]
[<td>The content of my work is to design decentralised distributed game environment of virtual world. I analyse and compare centralised and decentralised architectures and describe pros and cons using for game environment and influence on the playability. One part of this work is design and implementation of the game environments.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the design, implementation and testing of web applications to support a smaller law rm. The goal should be user-friendly application that enables law firms to manage their clients, documents, appointments and tasks. The application is written in PHP using the Zend framework. Working with data is handled using the MySQL database and application design using XHTML and CSS.
</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor thesis of „User‘s tool for mapping on 3D objects“ looks into mapping and its aim is to create the application, which will make it easier to projection on the 3D objects. This application should accelerate the process of creation mapping on 3D objects and at the same time it should be easy to use.</td>]
[<td>Since the beginning of the third millennium, the value of the Google company has been incresing. Every person who gets in touch with the Net has already used at least one of the Google products for sure; and that means not only the most commonly used search engine. Nowadays, Google oers calendars for personal event scheduling, online data storage for documents, web page statistics, translators, e-mails and even much more. There is a commonly used API for most of the services, which means they can be connected to external
web and desktop programmes.
The aim of my thesis is to integrate Google services into a project management system. The system would use Google accounts to authorize its own users, Google documents for specications or Google calendars for personal scheduling. As none of the currently used free web based systems can do that, I have decided to implement a new application. For a faster development, I am going to use the PHP Framework symfony with the open-source Zend GData library which has already achieved some basic communication with the services. The user interface will be designed according to the analysis of other concurrent projects.
At the end of the thesis, I am going to touch on potential development of the system; especially regarding use of other services, such as instant messaging GTalk.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about the preparation of educational materials to support teaching in the subject A0M33PIS. The aim of this paper is to familiarize students with CRM.
In the first part of this work I focus on general explanation of the CRM philosophy, its importance in customer care, the basic requirements and the implementation options of the CRM system. At the end of the first part I analyze the range of CRM systems based on certain business segments and their origins.
The aim of the second part is to show the basic procedure of the implementation of Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online 2011. My work demonstrates the implementation of two business processes, modification of user interface, an instalation of addons and methods of testing. An essential part of the work is the documentation that will be used as teaching material.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on cloud systems, technologies upon which they are built and how they can be used for running web applications.
Besides describing cloud systems and particular technologies, this thesis also describes the process of deploying, runnning and scaling web application in the Amazon Web Services cloud system.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with implementation and related research of user interface on the web for disabled people on wheelchairs. Its focus is mainly on users who are unable to use computer mouse, such as users with kvadruplegia and disseminated sclerosis. Main concerns in this paper are disablements of motoric functions as well as cognitive dysfunctions. Paper consists of research and analysis of such issue and architectural design and implementation of web portal itself. Consequential product of this work has also been tested on specified focus group.</td>]
[<td>Semantic web built on the Linked Data principles is probably the near future of WWW bringing a revolutionary way of working with data. In the first part of Bachelor’s thesis I introduce a way of converting the open data from public administration, namely accounting statements of municipalities and regions of the Czech Republic, into an RDF form following the Linked Data principles. Procedure of ontology creation is the major partition of the conversion. The second part provides an example of web application development on these data, where I demonstrate the work flow with RDF and a query language SPARQL within
PHP. During the testing I point at the importance of SPARQL queries optimalization which can dramatically improve the performance of the Linked Data applications.</td>]
[<td>In order to merge virtual objects into a real scene seamlessly, it is important to maintain consistent common illumination. In this thesis, we propose a framework that captures high dynamic range light probes and decomposes them into sets of directional light sources in real-time. The light sources, captured and processed on a dedicated device, are than made available to rendering engines via a server that provides wireless access. We implement three different importance sampling techniques and compare them in terms of the quality of sampling pattern, temporal coherence, and performance.  </td>]
[<td>BRDFLib is a library written in C++ programming language, providing a set of bidirectional reflectance distribution functions (BRDF) models, which mathematically describe the visual properties of materials and are used for photorealistic image synthesis. The purpose of this library is then to provide developers with comprehensive, intuitive interface for working with this set of BRDF models, that can be simply used for creation of their own rendering
applications. 
The aim of this work is to unite BRDFLib library and its already implemented models respectively and then extend it with several new models. Another important part of this work is design and implementation of visualization application, that will use this library and provide to user an interface for testing and studying various BRDF models. Beside the BRDF visualization, the application will dispose of rendering tools that allow user to verify
the correct model behavior.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to design and implement a Ransac algorithm following an appropriate article. The algorithm is about detecting basic shapes in unorganized point clouds. The resulting solution will be achieved with the help of the article. A suggestion of how the algorithm is going to be implemented will be tested with the data given.
</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis, I am going to focus on comparison of Motion Capture systems, which are available in IIM (Institute of Intermedia). I am going to introduce readers generals of creating animation using motion capture. I am going to specify differences between these systems and I will show their advantages and disadvantages.
Furthermore I am going to test iPi Soft system. Whole pipeline of capturing motion data will be shown, beginning with camera setup, getting input stream, over to clean-up and export. Vicon system will be tested exactly the same way. Next, I am focusing on Autodesk Maya 2012 application, using Human IK system. There, applying of motion capture data will be shown. In conclusion, I am going to decide, which one of the tested systems is more suitable and easier to be used.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creating movies for 3D projection. The author considers different output devices for stereoscopic video monitoring and also describes how the stereoscopic effect is achieved while watching the scene. This is applied in the creation of short animation that can be seen in VR-lab.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with typesetting options of standard western music notation in electronic form. It describes different ways of creating and editing music notation. It also includes other findings about music typesetting. The thesis focuses on description of an application which allows music typesetting on the web. The application enables display of music notation on web pages and its subsequent playback. The application handles input in a form of a text string, which represents specific musical composition. A part of this work deals with existing syntaxes and the creation of a syntax fit for the application. The syntax has been analyzed and the application has been tested by users.</td>]
[<td>This paper is focused on using the principles of Linked Data. Linked Data is a model that
specifies how to publish data on the web. One of its main objectives is linking data from
different sources. It builds on already established web standards. Currently, there are many
initiatives that encourage the Public Administration to publish data for the general public as
Open Data. The aim of this paper is to use the principles of Linked Data and apply them to
Open Data which are published by the Public Administration. Furthermore to demonstrate
the benefits that this model offers and to summarize its benefits for Public Administration.
The basic procedure for processing of this paper is to obtain Open Data. The next step is to
convert obtained data into form, which is appropriate for sharing and then publish it. The
paper also shows some of the ways of linking data from different sources. Part of this paper
is creation web application, which demonstrates linking data from different sources. The
contribution of this paper is conversion of Open Data into structured form, which enables
reuse for different purposes. Furthermore, linking data from different sources and summary
of usage of this model for Public Administration.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the creation of internet application representing the editorial system for the group of authors writing a book, in this case the chess encyclopedia. Editorial system enables users to add the articles and simultaneously its successive editation including user roles and rigths acceptance. Application stores the articles such as in archive, eases its following viewing and changes comparing. This project rises from the customer demands  and confronts them with exsting systems. As next, the analysis, design of the database and the complete solution realization was created here. In the end, the testing of user interface and all of the application functionalities have been implemented. The project is currently deployed in a real conditions of the two publishers: ECON publishing, s.r.o. and Ivo Moll.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor project is to implement a tool for designing and prototyping of a user interface, that will also allow creating of new custon elements. Source files of this tool will be synchronized with a remote storage. Part of the focus of this thesis is creating a module for connecting and communication with the remote storage.
</td>]
[<td>Real-time realistic rendering of clouds and simulation of their motion is widely discussed and challenging problem. This work focuses on both these issues. To understand the problem, classification of clouds is described as well as processes leading to their creation. Furthermore, the mathematics necessary to simulate fluid flow is explained along with the equations for the calculation of light scattering in clouds and other scattering media. 

The work also contains a description of selected methods for simulation of clouds with a focus on calculations based on the Navier-Stokes equations for incompressible fluid flow. The algorithms for simulation of single and multipe light scattering are also discussed. We then discuss the problem of implementing these methods on the GPU using the CUDA framework. This is followed with an analysis and implementation of an interactive application for cloud dynamics simulation, which employs the above-mentioned algorithms so that the computational load can be transferred onto the GPU as much as possible.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with problems of time tracking on software projects. The goal is to to create a web application application for user-friendly and easy to record time tracking with accent to maximum accuracy and minimum requirements for users. The system will work with Pivotal Tracker the Agile project management tool based on Scrum method. The system will be adapted for use in cloud infrastructure and ready to use on smartphones and tablets.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and especially implementation of a Web based room booking system for FEL. Data of the schedules derives from the KOSapi application in XML, then reservation from its own database and from Google calendars by the Google calendar API.</td>]
[<td>This bechelor thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of plug-in for web browser Chrome, which will record all user activity during Web pages viewing. Introduction of the text deals with the description of the usability test, which builds on analysis of existing solutions for data collection during the usability test. There is no satisfactory solution so we need to create a custom module. Other chapters describe the actual implementation and testing of plug-in.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with Data Quality issues in a Master Data Management hub. In this extensive scope it focuses on the banking domain and more specifically on the support of underwriting processes. The thesis is divided into two parts. The first one introduces essential terms and possible methods of solution. The latter part is practical and involves analysis and especially design of suitable software architecture for sample implementation. This implementation demostrates the solution of given problem and can be deployed to real environments.

As a result of the thesis, completely functional and tested component for Master Data Center programme has been created. Different approach to the support of underwriting is considered to be the main contribution of the thesis. It is based on using Master Data Management hub and emphasizing Data Quality monitoring and assurance.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the creation of a thin client generator used for monitoring of technological processes. It is a tool, that to some extent automates the creation of monitoring clients. These can be used for visualization and modification of the variable values of the monitored devices. First, the feasibility study has been conducted. It includes a background research of the systems dealing with similar topics, selection of appropriate open source license and also selection of standard vector graphics for displaying the scheme of technological processes. Thereafter, the analysis and the requirements specification of both the monitoring client and the generator has been elaborated. Further, the communication protocol and
the interface between the client and the server have been designed. Part of the generator’s design are extensible libraries of visual components and the input interface for retrieving information about each of the monitored variables. The application is implemented according to the designed concept and tested in accordance with the verification plan including verification against a realistic model of the technological process of wine production. All software artifacts have been released under the selected open source license.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with problems of 3D reconstruction from photos. It analyzes current technologies and tests programs designated for that purpose. The most suitable method is then used to achieve the goal. That is to create a believable visualisation of Old Town Square in Prague in current form, including 3D model of never realized completion of Old Town Hall. The result is photorealistic model of square with or without completion which is exported to VRML.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is the creation of games using which it is possible to distribute
multimedia contents. Its distribution is based on Quick Response (QR) codes technology.
Their placement follows the rules of a well-known game Geocaching, where based on the
principle of seeking geographically localized objects in the real world. One of the target
groups is the people who want to distribute some multimedia materials, whether their own
or made by others. The distributors encode the pieces of content into one or more QR codes
and distribute them to the selected area (street, city, etc.). The second target group is the
people who are interested in receiving the contents in a fun way. The result of this thesis
is a web application designed mainly for creating games and applications for the Android
platform, which is used to scan QR codes and thus to obtain the distributed material. The
main contribution of this thesis is a novel method of distribution of the multimedia contents.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this bachelor thesis was to develop a web application, which is to be used as a supplemental tool for semester project assignment and handing in. It provides separate student and teacher interface, where teacher can create pre-defined assignments for students to choose from, while students can also create their own assignments and send them to teacher for approval. Students then can hand in their work by submitting it, where teacher can download it through their interface for evaluation. Application was thoroughly tested and found running stable.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this project is to prove that such a complex mobile application as a client for free text messaging (SMS) can be developed with the “write once, run everywhere” approach in mind. First a native user interface prototype for Android was developed and tested, then a full-featured platform independent application based on the results of the prototype testing was built using PhoneGap framework. This application was compiled for Android 2 and 4, Apple iOS 5, Microsoft Windows Phone 7.5, and Samsung Bada 2.0 (plus offers a possibility of being compiled for Symbian as well) with no code modifications for a particular platform.

Other parts of the project include the history of the free texting applications phenomenon in the Czech Republic, comparison of mobile frameworks for cross-platform application development, description of how communication with Czech wireless carriers’ online SMS gateways is handled, and how PhoneGap applications work in general.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis of a financial management information system for a project oriented company and implementation of a module for income and expenses evidence. The system will be deployed as a web application and will assist managers plan and evaluate projects. To implement the system, the programming language Groovy and the Grails framework were used.

Text of this thesis contains an analysis of the system and a description of its significant implementation parts.</td>]
[<td>This work is concentrated on developing applications in the environment of
Internet. The main goal of this work is to develop an application for administration and
running small eshop.
The application will be based on freeware technologies like Appache web server,
MySQL database server, PHP and Javascript programming languages and XHTML markup
language.
System will consist of “frontend” part used for presentation of selling goods,
creating customer’s accounts, creating orders and so on, and of “backend” part used by
operator of eshop for creating and managing department’s structure, managing selling
goods, managing customer’s orders and so on.
Except for practical skills this work also provides brief theoretical knowledge of
creating application in the internet environment and basic characteristics of used
technologies.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to analyse, design and implement client software for instant messaging. Final software will be primarily designed for mobile devices operated by touchscreen. It will be able to send and receive short text messages, transfer drawings on shared board and provide audio and video calls.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of the reservation system for laboratories at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering. The main contribution of this work is to simply organize rooms without a complex arrangement between the employees of the faculty.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelors thesis was to create a program for the synthesis of rhytmic recitation. Program of this type was not yet implemented. This program could be widely used for composing music and also for other domains.</td>]
[<td>Tracking points in space and time (motion tracking) has many useful practical applications in various domains of human activity ranging from medicine to entertainment. Many sophisticated technologies have already been invented for this purpose. This work is concerned about a low-cost solution for this problem using Wii Remote devices developed by Nintendo and discusses possibilities and technical limitations of these devices. Implementation part of the work consists of a library, which allows tracking a point in space, and a demonstration program, that shows capabilities of the library. Another part of the work is an attempt to design a method for interaction between a user and an object in virtual space using implemented functionality. Interaction method was tested with real users and those have concluded that they can imagine using it for interaction with computer. Analysis of the results of interaction method tests shows that the tracking system has potential for certain types of applications.
</td>]
[<td>Maximum flow algorithms have many applications in computer graphics and vision. The goal of this work was to parallelize the maximum flow computation on multi-core CPUs. To this end, we have implemented the parallel algorithm by Liu and Sun. The resulting implementation was subject to thorough performance evaluation on extensive set of graphs from real world applications. On four-core CPU, our implementation achieves 6x to 10x speedup over the best sequential algorithms.
</td>]
[<td>This master thesis describes the development of formal models for describing user activity on a website and its subsequent visualization. In the theoretical part of the thesis we describe two related previous solutions, possible ways of formal model realizations, and options for testing website usability. Then we propose suitable formal model based on state machine diagrams and implement an application, that allows us to track the activity of users on a website, visualize the logs, and mutually compare them.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor´s thesis compares the usability of the model of a square in VRML and Google Earth technologies. The work focuses on problems of navigation, interaction and information search. The aim of this study was to create a model of Masaryk square in Bene¹ov using both technologies, execute a user tests and evaluate obtained results.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of portal for secure distribution of PDF documents. The portal allows teachers to upload PDF documents. These PDF documents are offered to students to download for free or after payment.  

The student proceed to the application using received link to PDF document, which can be downloaded for free, or after payment. Before download all documents are labeled with watermark, which contains student's username and the date of download. </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the creation of software used to record usability testing. The aim is to create an application which will ease the note making and will use GPS localization and record video stream. This application will run on device powered by OS Android.

The text contains analysis of alternative solutions, design of the application, description of implementation and usability testing of the application.</td>]
[<td>This master's thesis discusses implementation of system for estimation of happiness and responsiveness of audience within a lecture called Boring-o-meter. Implementation follows after theoretical discussion of communication architecture and technologies, sensors, actuators, and embedded systems with respect to the Internet of Things. System is based on real-time voting through web interface. Element of system is mechanical device – gauge which is situated in the lecture room and presents current value to audience. This system was tried out in practice. Conclusion is presented in the end of thesis.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis concerns analysis, design and testing of web pages of SIGCHI community. The thesis bases on systematic approach of designing user interfaces by using modern methods of HCI (application of cognitive walkthrough and heuristic evaluation, creating personas, designing prototypes, usablity testings etc.).
An output of this thesis is a functional web built on CMS Drupal which is designed by methods of user research and usability testings.
Results of the thesis show that methods of testings without user can never replace methods of testings with user. Results show as well that the process of designing UI needs at least several iteraction of a design. One of the last conclusions is a fact that administration interface of CMS Drupal has few usability problems.
</td>]
[<td>In the present work I study the use of multimedia player Spinetix HMP100 for data visualization on information panels. The Player displays data in SVG format and communicates with server through net by shared variables. To control a set of these players I propose an architecture for server in Java and client created by technology
Flex. Clients primarily provide tools for creation graphic contents in editor and afterwards their distribution to players including time scheduling. Furthermore players allow users to modify content of currenlty playing project by sending shared variables or display single project across several players. This work also includes assesment of provided functions and user interface.</td>]
[<td>   For investors on financial markets there is a need to watch many important facts to make right trade’s decisions. Because a bad decision in trading means a financial loss. Every investor wants to avoid such kind of situations.

   The master’s thesis deals with a stock trading system which helps small investors manage their stocks and generate some orders automatically based on freely accessible finance data. First, the thesis collects requirements for the system, analyzes them and designs the system. Finally, there is an implementation of an automated part which is crucial for making a decision based on freely accessible End Of Day market data.
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I analyze possibilities of video grabbing of interaction with 3D scenes. Based on the analysis I design and implement application that allows loading of 3D scene from a file and interaction with the 3D scene while the whole interaction is recorded into video sequence. The implemented application can be used to record output of any Java application that uses JOGL for producing the output.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my thesis is to analyze, create and test an application for easy and fast sharing of files. While going through all of these steps I kept in my mind that the aim is simple, fast and easy to use application. The result is an application for easy and fast sharing of files.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the analysis, design and implementation of a visual editor of the UIP applications (Universal Interface Platform, formerly known as UIProtocol). It is a follow-up of bachelor thesis UIProtocol Visual Editor from 2009, which dealt with an editor of the concrete user interfaces and models in UIProtocol. The specification of UIP was extended by the concept of so-called abstract user interfaces and their automatic generation, which brings a request, that the editor has to be substantially revised.
Contribution of this thesis is to extend capabilities of the editor to support new features of UIP, in front of all abstract user interfaces, automatic user interface generation and UIP application specification. The thesis further describes structural changes of the editor and its adjustments for new features of the concrete interface editor.</td>]
[<td>Social networks are modern means of comunication between colleagues, friends and groups of interests. Directing of such a network towards educational purposes as a meaning to support education, sharing studying materials and knowledge creates a new form of education, where students itself became part of educational process. Students itself are able to get feedback about their created materials from other students.

Perform an analysis of existing social network and suggest solution for social network specificaly for CTU FEL. This network will allow registering new users, establishing friendships, sending posts and their development and evaluation. Network will allow making of new groups of interests for specific classes. Implement this social network in Ruby On Rails Framework and test your implementation within specific sample of students  of CTU FEL. </td>]
[<td>This thesis analyses the REST architectural style and designs an application for testing the REST API compliance. First, the problem of the RESTful architecture is formulated.  Next part suggests practices and implementation steps leading to a RESTful application design. The currently available API testing tools for general as well as  for specifically REST APIs are compared and discussed. Finally, the design and implementation of a new REST API testing application is described.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this bachelor thesis is the development of an IT system for planning and coordinating logistic activities. In the first phase, requirements analysis was undertaken based on the customer's specifications. Drawing from the analysis outcome, a solution was proposed and implemented using the Java programming language. Finally, the testing phase was undertaken to identify and correct any errors introduced during the implementation of the system. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to design and implement Digital signage system based on ARM platform. Proposed system is able to dynamically synchronize and display multimedia content. Design is precluded by brief analysis of possible problem domains that could make use of such system. This thesis mainly describes software components necessary to implement the system, their purpose, function and interconnection. Implementation part describes important part of system, their function, and particular purpose. In user testing chapter, developed prototype is tested for ease of deployment and overall user experience.</td>]
[<td>Project elaborated in this document lies between IT consulting and process management field. It deals with analyzing and optimizing of bank processes and paper documents flow related to the specified loan products. The goal is to improve the current business model to generate costs savings and obtain other benefits. The best way to achieve these improvements is using of IT technologies.
The document contains description of work procedure and methods, situation analysis and designed optimizations with calculated financial impacts.</td>]
[<td>This thesis builds on long-term project called VoxPort, which is being developed by colleagues Bc. Zdenìk Obst and Bc. Ale¹ Podskalský. The application focuses on multimedia communications over the Internet using the SIP (Session Initiation Protocol)

The goal of this thesis is to design and create an extensions to the web browser, which will be capable of transmitting audio and video data between a client application in a web browser and the server without using Flash technology. Emphasis should be placed on selecting the best possible solution from the options provided in the initial survey, which is part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The problem of synthesis of missing image parts represents an interesting area of image processing with significant potential. This thesis focuses on methods addressing the image inpainting problem using the information contained in the rest of the image. Selected methods are discussed in more detail, implemented and tested on different data sets.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is a documentation of project implementation of Android mobile
application of existing web service. The text is fully focused on implementation of extension existing web service babywebik.cz to mobile device based on operating system Android.

The thesis is divided into several parts. In the first part is explained technologies used within this project.
The preliminary study with the summary of the present state and the study along with requirements for implementation follow. Analysis of the solution and the solution are mentioned in next chapter.
Last chapters contain information on the system implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis concerns the implementation of the internet shop (e-shop) including its administration for the company FEEL s.r.o. which operates with the sales of the household products. The shop and the administration will be programmed per objects in the programme language PHP. We will use the Framework  Smarty for better and more acceptable implementation of the displayed part of the programme. The main target of this project is the automatization of all possible operations (acts) for quicker operation (work) (generate of the invoices, stock quantities a mendments etc.). This work contains also the manner of the implementation and the testing of the system.</td>]
[<td>Since online banking services were introduced, banks have offered to clients transaction and account management functions and did not propose many innovations. However the situation is changing. Banks have to compete with third party companies and are forced to change the way online banking is offered.

This thesis describes the changes in online banking and banking in general. The aim is to identify, describe and analyze the innovative trends as well as to propose a technical solution for online banking, taking into account the innovations which have to be implemented.

The architecture of the proposed application is prepared for integration into existing information system. Emphasis has been put on modularity and testability of the application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with development of distributed application on the android platform. Result of this work is a library for the android platform and two sample applications. Work focuses on the synchronization status and user interfaces of two or more devices. First sample application represents scenario, when user interfaces on devices are different, second contains same user interfaces on all devices. Main contribution of this work is a library, which will help with development this kind of applications.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis carries on from the bachelor thesis `Application orienteering' and deals with the improvement of a system for managing orienteering competitions using the SPORTident electronic punching system. This system was transformed from standard Java application to enterprise Java application and was expanded to support for multistage events. The user interface of the application was redesigned and rewritten, so now it is an web based interface. As part of the thesis, a application interface was created so that the application can cooperate with third-party applications. 
An environment supporting the further development of this application was also created.  
 
The thesis additionally includes research of options for algorithmically determinating optimal start times and the starting intervals of individual categories. 
 
In addition, the thesis deals with testing of the application at real competition events and testing its usability. At the end this diploma thesis focuses on propotion of the application to potential users.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of the work is GPU algorithms design for the Resource Constrained Project Scheduling Problem (RCPSP). To solve this NP-hard combinatorial problem tabu search meta-heuristic was selected. This meta-heuristic is able to solve majority of difficult combinatorial problems. Achieved results show that the proposed GPU solution outperforms the equivalent CPU version in both quality of solutions and performance speedup. Effectivity of the GPU solution is based on a new resources evaluation algorithm and effective implementation of the tabu list.

To the best of our knowledge, proposed GPU solution is the first successful attempt of RCPSP implementation on the GPU. It can be seen, that very difficult combinatorial problems can be solved on the GPU with reasonable speedup against the CPU.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of the work is GPU algorithms design for the Resource Constrained Project Scheduling Problem (RCPSP). To solve this NP-hard combinatorial problem tabu search meta-heuristic was selected. This meta-heuristic is able to solve majority of difficult combinatorial problems. Achieved results show that the proposed GPU solution outperforms the equivalent CPU version in both quality of solutions and performance speedup. Effectivity of the GPU solution is based on a new resources evaluation algorithm and effective implementation of the tabu list.

To the best of our knowledge, proposed GPU solution is the first successful attempt of RCPSP implementation on the GPU. It can be seen, that very difficult combinatorial problems can be solved on the GPU with reasonable speedup against the CPU.</td>]
[<td>The thesis focuses on the design and implementation of a system capable of file backup and synchronization from local file system to Microsoft Windows Azure. The first part of the thesis deals with the analysis of Microsoft Windows Azure platform which is later used as basis for the design of the server and client side of the system. Among the basic functionality is the instantaneous detection and synchronization of local changes made by the users as well as the management of the file versions on the server. Another important feature is the support for asynchronous file processing on the the server side. The goal of the thesis is to create a reliable and scalable architecture for file synchronization that would facilitate future development.  </td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and programme an application programming interface to a native XML database called ExDB. This interface should work on REST technology. Server should be able to create, read and delete both documents and collections. Also, server should be able to communicate with any client. It shouldn't matter if the client is using client library, which is also part of this thesis, or if the client is using any application capable of transmiting HTTP requests and processing HTTP responses. The outcome of the whole project should be source codes and compiled, executable version of both server and client. There should be a documentation in JavaDoc. Also, there is need for creating a testing application, which should test correctness of communication between client library and server. Various scenarious should test behaviour of server in various situations. Also, client library should be able to process any response, which could be generated by server.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design a tool for visualization of peer-to-peer networks and malware
command &amp; control structures. First, it is focuses on the description of the existing
peer-to-peer networks and the analysis of existing and most commonly used malware command
control structures. Afterwards it describes the detection method for malware command
&amp; control structures based on the persistence. Further it focuses on analysis of methods for
visualization of peer-to-peer networks and the results of the said detection method. A corresponding
visualization tool is then created based on the analysis and then is appropriately
evaluated for performance, scalability and usability.
The proposed visualization tool is integrated into the existing web-based interface of
the CAMNEP Intrusion Detection System to eectively facilitate the detection and visualization
of peer-to-peer networks and malware command and control structures in protection
of computer networks around the world.
The contribution of this work is therefore in visualization of the said structures using
innovative detection method, created in 2011 by researchers of the Department of Cybernetics
at CTU in Prague.</td>]
[<td>In this work I designed and implemented a calendar application for blind users. When designing an application user interface has been tested with blind users. The data are stored on external storages, such as Google Calendar. The server component is used to link data storage with client’s applications. The application is implemented as a web client and a mobile client for the Android operating system. The Web client uses components that are adjusted for WAI-ARIA specification within the European project AEGIS. Mobile applications using available APIs for access contained in the Android SDK.</td>]
[<td>Dreamer is a social network for young people with a talent for literature, art or photography. Young people can freely publish their work here and also meet other people with similar interests. In addition to that, all users can create a blog to express their opinions.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis aims to describe the design and implementation of process management
tool for the creation of personas. Personas are way to describe the target group of users. This
tool will ease the analysis of the entire process and keep the links between the steps. The
work also includes description of creation of personas.The result of this thesis is functional
aplication.</td>]
[<td>Global illumination algorithms form a fundamental part of the realistic image synthesis discipline.
They consider the necessary indirect illumination component, and they usually produce highly plausible images.
On the other hand, the precise evaluation of the indirect illumination tends to be the most time consuming part of the rendering process.
Huge speedup can be achieved with the use of stochastic illumination estimators.

An example of the stochastic approach can be found in the Instant Radiosity algorithms.
We explore the family of the Instant Radiosity algorithms focusing on the Imperfect Shadow Maps (ISM) method, which was introduced by Ritschel et al. in 2008.
The subject of the submitted thesis is the implementation of the ISM algorithm with a consideration of the possibilities of a modern GPU (2011).
Our ISM based renderer produces satisfactory images in real-time frame rates.
</td>]
[<td>Tato diplomová práce se zabývá popisem, implementací a porovnáním rùzných algoritmù pro rozvrhování èasem øízené komunikace zalo¾ené na protokolu Ethernet. Za tímto úèelem byla implementována øada algoritmù a dále vytvoøena metodika testù, která umo¾òuje jejich relevantní porovnání. Nìkteré vybrané algoritmy pak byly vyu¾ity a popøípadì upraveny pro øe¹ení specifických po¾adavkù na rozvrhované zprávy. Práce také obsahuje vyhodnocení a analýzu dosa¾ených výsledkù a dále je roz¹íøena o detekci mo¾ných problémù pøi pou¾ití daného algoritmu pro nelezení øe¹ení.</td>]
[<td>
This is bachelor thesis deals with a design, implementation and testing the first function prototype of assistive tool for people with severe speech impairments for mobile phone platform Android OS.
Application should serve as a device of communication for people with severe speech impairments and for people, who don't able to speak. It should make daily
communication easier using texts, pictures and sounds. A user would draw up the sentence on device's display from database of pictures symbolizing daily actions.
The complete sentence can be played by user.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis is concerned with improvement of a project called Virtual Old Prague. Special attention is paid to increase independence of concrete browser configuration and to model new houses in the area of Prague Castle. Thesis also analyzes errors in 3D model (missing roofs, spaces between walls, etc.) and suggests their solutions.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with creating a complete information system for the futsal club Tenisáci Bene¹ov. It includes analysis of existing solution, analysis of requirements from futsal club, system design and especially its implementation, including the necessary testing. The result is a web application based on open administration system and supporting language mutations.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis is dealing with creation of web based application for weather forecast on the device with touch control only. The text itself is describing the design of user interface exploiting User Centered Design method and particular implementation of web application using technologies like PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, XHTML and CSS3 using freely available Internet XML data sources.</td>]
[<td>The task of the work was to model the virtual world, which would demonstrate the principle behavior of the phone in networks for mobile phones. Just in case the roaming phone selects from available GSM networks to log on. The work also explains how to use behavior of roaming mobile phones to determine where is a weak signal in a network for mobile phones.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis was to create a virtual 3D model application of computer tomography Somatom by Siemens. Model is implemented in VRML. Individual parts of the model are able to be interactively manipulated by graphic interface. For presentation of the inner construction is used transparency. Thesis is focused on the behaviour of the model, which is close to reality. Avarege user can find out how real computer tomograph works. Part of work was to create a multi-language web page, where the final model is placed.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design, implement and test the online catalog of structures and materials. The system can be used as overview of structures and materials, as well as a tool to work with them.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis is aimed to testing of usability during testing users in mobile environment. The goal is to design a cell phone application which would be able to create observations during the user testing. Focus is placed on speed of receiving data while testing. The operating system Google Android was choosen as a platform. The final result is a working application for creating notes while user testing of indoor navigation SW.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with problems of extensions in OpenGL and its integrating into OpenGL core. Functionality is described and possibilities of testing are designed for selected extensions, which are related with data transfers and memory accesses. Next, results of measurement of effectivity of particular extensions are shown, comparing to other extensions or built in OpenGL functions. In the final stage, testing of comprehensibility of source codes of sample applications is proposed. This testing is further executed and evaluated and results are shown. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this Bachelor thesis was to create Comenia Script educational software. There were a lot of requirements and recommendations thanks to the user research made with the first grade teachers. Also the user interface design, which was consulted with the author of Comenia Script, was prepared. During the development there was the emphasis to create user-friendly application, and to create it from the pure source code.  
After the first development process ended, the application undertook a lot of extensive tests, including user test on pupils in the model school.

The Bachelor thesis takes the reader through the process of creating Comenia Script educational application starting with the analysis and drafts, ending with the implementation and application testing.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work was to design and implement a system for management of books and borrows of DCGI library. Developed system is based on existing application and adds new modern user interface.
Important part of application design was the user interface created by User Centered Design method.
</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on music score for vision-impaired musicians. It outlines basic knowledge of the discipline of recording and printing of music score in Braille. According to the information from vision-impaired musicians and workers of the printing office for the vision-impaired, this work suggests and implements an application for the simplification and automatization of notation printing for vision-impaired musicians. As a research method for this work user research has been used. Thanks to it principal information on notation and printing of notes has been found out. Basic requirements for the created application have been defined. The second research method of this work is a literature survey for sighted musicians. The application was created and tested according to the needs and requirements of the Library and Printing Office for vision-impaired of K. E. Macan which accounts for the major portion of music score printing in the Czech Republic. Other possibilities of application development are suggested at the end of the work.</td>]
[<td>This works deals with checking correctness of object-oriented software design using source
code. New language for design principles description is proposed along with a tool which
would allow us to check specified rules. Results of this work include theoretical basement for
design principles formalization and extensible evaluation system, which is able to check valid-
ity of the rules specified in proposed formalization. Functionality of the tool is demonstrated
on sample input projects.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with algorithms for solving the traveling salesman problem (TSP). The purpose of the thesis is to compare these algorithms and implement one of them in final application. Unity 3D is the tool used for implementation mentioned above, it  allows the placement of route junctions in 3D environment and, subsequently,  to find and to visualize shortest routes.
</td>]
[<td>This paper describes integration of Android operating system and applications into interactive whiteboard for use in elementary and high schools.
Android OS is optimized for finger touch control, therefore its use on interactive boards is more natural that using a PC optimized software. It offers more wireless connection capability, which will indeed boost the options of students’ interaction. Is not dependant on any single manufacturer, is open–source and developing applications for Android is easier, faster and more common than proprietary solutions of interactive whiteboard creators.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with modeling of buildings in software City Engine. Analyzes the biggest advantages of it, describes the rules for generating building and compared them with real objects.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the creation of algorithms for the rostering problems. It is
a well known NP-hard problem, where the solution lies in the assignment of all requested
shifts to employees with respect to the large variety of restrictions, e.g. an elimination of the
unsuitable combinations of the consecutive shifts, balance of the employees’ workload, the
minimum spacing between consecutive shifts, etc.
An integral part of the work is a review of possible approaches to the rostering problems,
from which resulted the following selection and development of algorithms. The standard
algorithms like Simulated Annealing, Hill Climbing and Tabu Search were adapted for our
problem. Furthermore, A Time Pre-Defined Variable Depth Search and Scatter Search based
on the literature review were implemented. Moreover, another method solving this problem
called Chain Algorithm was proposed, implemented and compared with all other algorithms
on standard benchmark instances. A thorough analysis of the problem and a design
of an application for the problem solution preceded the implementation of all algorithms.
Consequently, all algorithms were evaluated in the experimental part of the work and summarized
in the discussion. The result of this thesis is a system running under Microsoft Excel,
allowing one to control and create rosters based on given input data, including a choice of
the algorithm and its settings.</td>]
[<td>Tato práce navrhuje detektor významných bodù na lidské tváøi zalo¾ený na Deformable Part
Models. Na problém detekce významných bodù pohlí¾íme jako na úlohu strukturální klasifikace.
Parametry detektoru jsou uèeny z dat pomocí algoritmu Structured Output Support
Vector Machines. Na rozdíl od pøedchozích prací námi pou¾ívaný algoritmus uèení optimalizuje
pøímo pøesnost výsledného detektoru. Algorimus uèení navíc umo¾òuje snadno mìnit
statistiku mìøící pøesnost detektoru pomocí u¾ivatelem definované ztrátové funkce. Výsledný
detektor pracuje v reálném èase na standardním PC, je jednoduchý na implementaci a mù¾e
být snadno modifikován pro detekci jiné mno¾iny významných bodù. Funkènost navrhovaného
detektoru je vyhodnocena na nároèné databázi „Labeled Faces in the Wild“. Získané výsledky
demonstrují, ¾e navrhovaný detektor dosahuje konzistentnì vy¹¹í pøesnosti ne¾ dvì testované
volnì dostupné implementace zalo¾ené na Active Appearance Models a Deformable Part Models.
Souèástí práce je i open source implementace navrhovaného detektoru a algoritmus pro
uèení jeho parametrù z anotovaných dat.</td>]
[<td>Photorealistic rendering and its acceleration belongs to one of the main computer graphic research area. Previous acceleration structures\\\' implementations concentrated mainly on scene hierarchies and they achieved stunning speedup on CPU. Only few researches studied ray space hierarchy, the opposite approach to the ray-triangle computation speedup. This thesis summarizes previous approaches to the ray space hierarchy. 

The rapid progress in graphical accelerators and its growing suitability for general purposes computations challenges to use GPU in rendering. Even this thesis keeps up with those moder trends and makes use of newly created OpenCL standard for computational demanding tasks. Contemporary GPU\\\'s utilization brings also compromises and need for special algorithms, which are closely described in the following text.

Implemented ray hierarchy extends PBRT, the widely know renderer with open source code, which enables to easily understand the newly added parts. Final measurements and graphs show ray hierarchy behavior alone and also its combination with scene hierarchy.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is self-made (designed and implemented) add-on for the software sequencers, based on the real-time tone-pitch recognition of the monophonic waveform audio input in order to transform it into the MIDI information and send to the output. The concrete example of using is playing the electric guitar whereas listening to the church organ playing the same notes.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a system for an easy administration of tasks and claims according to a company‘s demand. Furthermore it shall facilitate the process of recording and observing the span of time used for the above-named tasks to the maximum. The thesis implies the task analysis, the dissection of existing explanations and the me- thod of adjusting assignments as well as the implementation‘s concept and solution.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of system for distributed shopping administration. The goal is to create system, which facilitates employees administration of shop and also allows to sell goods. After implementation the system will be deployed in real environment.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design for navigation of visually impaired in the interior using cell phone. In the first part is an analysis of visually impaired people and application requirements. The methods of choosing the final destination in the building and loading data in file are also being studied. Furthermore there is projected output of trace description and structure of data files. This knowledge is used during prototype realization and follow-up final prototype testing. At the close possibilities of application’s improvements and further development are tackled.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and creation of web pages for real estate agency using
a content management system. The system should by designed in a way that all links in the
system are friendly with search systems (SEO). Designed and implemented web pages will
be in XHMTL format with use of CSS.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the evolution of simple music composition tool, from the very brief idea, analysis of existing products and technical problems to the implementation and realization. There is a user testing of established software at the conclusion.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement System for a Car-repair-service\\\'s e-shop and Reservation system for date booking used by clients. The system is implemented in the PHP language using Nette Framework.
This bachelor thesis belongs to the category of design-implement thesis.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the work is to create an application for an administration of non-professional football club. This application will provide the list of following matches and let the players of the club express their interest in playing that match. Also in this application, you will be able to administrate a part of the system, which will serve as a presentation for the public.
This work includes the analysis of requirements, design of application and final result presented as a system implementation.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to provide functionality for authorized users of system EDUX to manipulate and edit structure of their courses, specically wiki pages, but also whole namespaces and medias. The main goals are analysis the requirements for the manipulation, designing user interface and especially implementation of this plugin.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this paper is to model the rough construction of the Müller Villa, focusing on the dynamic loading of different rooms according to the movement of the avatar and a guide for modeling structures of similar type.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to design and implement a PHP tool, which would parse data sent from Google Analytics tracking code. The data will then be stored into a relational database in order to gain statistics of traffic on a tracked website. A comparison of measured data is also a part of this work.</td>]
[<td>Graphics for some therapy methods for visually impaired children exist currently only in paper form. The aim of this thesis was to digitize these documents and to create electronic version of the exercises. The result is a working program that implements some types of exercises and a collection of images that this program uses. The application was created in GamLab Studio development environment. The program was tested in a special nursery school and is now ready to be used.</td>]
[<td>Topic of this bachelor\\\'s project is to design and implement the grammar and the type system of the programming language Oberon-0 for use with the Fika parser generator. The specication of the language emphases a modularization, reusability and readability of the implementation.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an extension of the current game framework through which simple logic games are being created. It is based on the principles of the original framework, i.e. on creation of games according to the rules as given in the configuration files. People with a handicap should be the primary group of people for which these games are reserved.
The current game framework is extended by the new aspects to create further (more complicated) games. These are mainly: creating of new games by using more complex rules; adding the dynamic aspect to the games and also the game interaction between the players. The last but not least, generation of initial states and basic assessment of the player\\\'s results are described in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The following BA thesis deals with creating a humanoid model with the Autodesk Maya software. The work builds upon acquired knowledge from the Y39KMA subject, during which another humanoid model was produced as a result of the semestral project assignment. First goal of this work is to adapt and export both models to the Ogre 3D game engine for the purposes of algorithm testing and calculation of the skin deformation in real time. Second goal is to present these models in a short animation; it originated by applying the recorded movements with the help of the motion capture devise, which the Faculty of Electrical Engineering has a disposal of. The animation is projected by the Autodesk Maya software and is available for spooling in the stereoscopic imaging. </td>]
[<td>This work focuses on the creating a web application to support the recruitment agency. By analyzing the existing systems for the supply and demand of jobs evaluates their features, advantages and disadvantages. The implemented system has the best knowledge of the functions and features of this analysis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with implementation of an application that serves as a standalone extension of the system for individual room temperature control named DIRC. Principles of building automation are described in the first chapter, followed by an analysis of software part of DIRC, especially its database and description of data collection and storing to a database of Enesa a.s. company. It is concluded by the creation of an algorithm for backward calculation of a curve of required temperature and by designing of a web application used for data analysis and visualization.</td>]
[<td>Computer systems have become very sophisticated and complex. For their effective usage it is necessary that the user interface is clear and simple. Therefore, various methods from User-centered design are used. The main goal is to analyze the needs and limitations that the end user of our application has. One of the techniques is called usability testing.
This thesis describes an extension of this method that uses the knowledge of user’s mental model and conceptual model of the application. Thanks to the shared notation it is possible by comparing the models to distinguish the circumstances of apparently similar problems. These circumstances can be used to fix the design of application’s user interface.
Because models that are captured from the test are very large, their creation and analysis using existing tools is time consuming. Therefore, to help the tester this thesis deals with the design of a plugin for IVE tool and describes how to use it effectively during and after the test. Finally this thesis refers the implementation of a subset of features of the designed plugin.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the process of incorporating WAI–ARIA standard into a complex Web framework. It starts by analyzing the target group of impaired users and specific problems that arise from using assistive technology. Then improvements on accessibility of selected components and applications are evaluated and implemented. The paper concludes by showing the overall accessibility improvement, providing a general methodology and summarizing experience gained from implementation. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s project is focused on design and implementation of modules into the existing content management system, that cover all needs of sports fans onto their web sites.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is comparing of commonly used computer
applications control with the method using (except standard approaches) head movement to control the applications. It was necessary to design and create prototype of tracking glasses and a few prototype  applications using this kind of approach to be able to test these methods. The applications had been tested by larger amount of users.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to design and implement a new storage module for an experimental native XML database system ExDB. The module should allows efficient exchange of XML data between operation memory and persistent storage. Thus minimize the load of operational memory while performing queries.

The resulting solution is based on analysis of existing indexing methods and previous version of the storage module, which was used in ExDB.</td>]
[<td>The research provides an analysis of the most common open-source licenses. On this basis, the most popular open-source e-commerce solutions are compared from the perspective of their commercial use. The paper also deals with the description of the architecture of PrestaShop in which a set of extensions are implemented.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis deals with the modeling of virtual customer care center of mobile operator, in this case Vodafone. The first part includes familiarization with mobile operator Vodafone. The second part is a description of the modeling of objects and interactions in the project. Finally describe the selected alternative to VRML. The aim is primarily to create an interactive model that offeres products to users through an interactive virtual environment.</td>]
[<td>This thesis investigates the design and implementation of mechanisms for structuring and reusing knowledge in the new version of the Theorema system. We present the innovative approach to mathematical knowledge structuring in a natural style (the notion of short labels and formulae identification) and the basis for building up complex mathematical knowledge bases (the notion of knowledge archives). We accent the on-the-fly document processing as we try to imitate the natural working process of a mathematician.</td>]
[<td>This thesis consists of improvement, correction and adding new functions to an existing version of a web application for conference evidencing. It uses technologies and parts of the original application.

The goal of this work is to expand the application by creating tree structure of conferences topics and implementation of e-mail notifications about conferences. The other features include setting periodicity of conferences, upgrade of communication between users, adding user groups and making the application more user-friendly.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with anomaly detection and analysis of web traffic based on GET requests to web servers. The first section addresses the method of obtaining data from the Squid proxy server and sending them in the form of Netflow packets to the collector. The second section is based on the analysis of obtained data and implementing several algorithms which have been adapted for the current state of the URL and GET headers, as there has been a lot of changes in habits over years.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is devoted two optimalization algorithms – Ant colony optimalization (ACO) and Particle swarm optimalization (PSO) – and possibilities of expleining them by visialization pragram which worked in 3D, 2D and can visualize running of  algorithms. Next are discussed properties and suitable form of visualization in particular with regard to the intelligibility of the user. It also deals with the implementation of the visualization program, and discusses the user study based on both visual processing and accuracy of both implemented algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The essence of this work is the design and implementation of practical use software whose job is to facilitate and streamline the organization of information generated by activities of the supervisor of a student projects. The content of the text consists mainly of the description of the course and results of particular phases of the project. Due to the fact that NetBeans RCP is the basis of the final application, the text also includes the summary of its important characteristics.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis focuses on interactive three-dimensional models and their use on web. Describes and analyzes the modern automatic transmission with direct shifting of gears. It mainly deals with processing the gearbox into an animated 3D computer model. Converts the model into an extensible interface for interactive user control in real timeand with the ability to display the labels and information. The work explains and demonstrates the principle of operation the gearbox, both theoretically and practically.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to create realistic picture of the Moon during a lunar eclipse. The method described here calculates both direct and indirect illumination resulting from the refraction in the Earth\\\'s atmosphere. Other simulated physical processes are the scattering of light in the air and the absorption by stratospheric aerosols. Direct and indirect light will be simulated by ray tracing and photon mapping respectively. We will use tone mapping for rendering an image with high dynamic range. Moon\\\'s surface will be simulated by mipmaps constructed from satellite images.
The resulting image is then compared with digital photograph of lunar eclipse.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis is a study of algorithms, which are designed for a real-time simulation of large water surfaces. This work also deals with capabilities of modern graphic cards and ways of using them in algorithms. Part of this work is also an implementation and a comparison of two models for water surface simulation, their improvement and summary of possibilities how to change their look and behavior. Master thesis also deals with water surface optical characteristics and their implementation in both models.</td>]
[<td>The Goal of this thesis is introduce modern graphics cards and implement algorithm efficient visibility sampling for computing soft shadows. The implementation will be focused on visual quality of the calculated shadow.
At this work will be used and verify new approach to use graphics cards for non-graphical calculations. The OpenCL will be used to access to the resources of graphics card.</td>]
[<td>This disertation describes creation and implementation of system, which detects movements of
user, discretization of its motion and prototype, which presents techniques used in project. Main
emphasis will be on modularity of installation. Input will be provided by camera system, output
by overhead projector. System simulates large scale touchscreen. This document sumarizes
solution for camera layout problem, image capture, its evaluation, elimination of artefacts,
discretization of movements and transformaion to isometric world.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor’s Project is focused on a development of an internet tool for relation database’s administration. The goal of a project is to develop a tool, which could be used for easy manipulation with data of an electronic shop or web presentation. Tool is focused on users with no knowledge about relational databases or SQL language. Tool enables user to add, delete or modify data in discrete tables of the database quickly and transparently.
Research includes overview of existing tools for relation database’s administration and a comparsion of them with the view of a user from target group. In next chapter there is detailed concept of aplication’s functionality with usage of knowledge from research. Chapter Implementation (Realizace) describes structure of whole aplication, specially on important or exceptional parts of source code in PHP and JS. At last the tool will be tested if meets the requested conditions and technology specifications.</td>]
[<td>Tokamak Golem is a useful piece of laboratory equipment on the grounds of Faculty of Nuclear Sciences and Physical Engineering of Czech Technical University in Prague.  The main aim of this project is to create an interactive virtual world with tokamak Golem inside accessible online for public. This virtual world contains rich information of the tokamak from its visual appearance to basic functionality. Tokamak Golem has not been transferred into virtual environment before; therefore this project will be a great asset to students and professors in learning how the device works even before they go hands-on with the actual equipment. Virtual Reality Modeling Language (VRML) was used as a project requirement.  </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, design and testing of the user interface for web presentation of company TERKO-CZ. This web application follows the most up-to-date methods concerning the web and e-shop UI/UX design.

The benefits of this work is an intuitive and friendly shopping experience at company TERKO-CZ\\\'s site through the e-shop and getting useful information about products.

The output of this work is a template for the subsequent implementation on application logic, module of maps and module of orders.</td>]
[<td>Visual, sound and mechanical burden on car drivers leads to drivers distraction and it leads to reduction in road safety. This thesis deals with the project of comprehensive test to detect visual, sound and mechanical distraction on car drivers  by using the Lane Change Test Simulator. In the beginning are analyzed the sources of possible distraction on car drivers. Further  are described the researches that deal with the effect of secondary stimuli to drivers. Another part of the thesis deals with the project of comprehensive test, with its use and interpretation. The possibilities of future testing are described at the end of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a set of standard rules for taking a common single-channel video
and the differences with the rules for a dual-channel video. Contains an analysis of a cut
composition grammar. Explores the flatness of a single-channel video and its cues adding
depth perception and compares these cues with the ones applicable in the dual-channel video. The work makes a list of proper compositional conditions. Further it deals with joining of takes with simple cutting, blending or fading for both single- and dual-channel video. Next it gathers information about scene composition possibilities and their changes for a dual-channel video. The work ends with a list of suggested procedures for taking a dual-channel video.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and especially implementation
of an application, which serves as workflow extension for the EDUX system. In the extension is possible to define workflows and then use it to check students work. In the workflow extension is possible to show graph of passing workflow\\\'s states. To check states can be used either internal validators or external service, that handle the state independently on EDUX system and send result to the application.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor Thesis deals with creation of 3D model of the department block of ÈVUT, Electotechnical Faculty, Karlovo námìstí 13, especially representation of its interiors. This model is designed for utilization in game made in VRML. Because of this reason it is created with the simplest possible shapes and whole appearance is achieved mainly by application of textures. The biggest emphasis is set to authenticity of the model, which is why LightMaps (shadows) are used. Model is destined for BS Contact viewer and it uses some of its specific features. </td>]
[<td>This thesis offers an overview of the input devices for user\\\'s interaction with different applications. In the first part different kinds of input devices are analysed. There are summarised the common properties of classic devices such as standard keyboard or mouse, gaming instruments and the input devices of the virtual reality environment such as motion trackers. Second part contains a proposal of a universal communication protocol based on the analysis. At the end a simple implementation of the protocol is described.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creating a library of models architectural elements in Prague for use in a program CityEngine. Familiarized with the program and ways to work with imported models, the creation and generation of buildings. Another objective was to verify the functionality of the library created by the two cities from different historical periods in Prague.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with realization of sandstorm visualization using the light multiple scattering algorithm. It extends the imulation to the possibility of sand settling on the objects. For simulation of sand transfer the method being developed in diploma thesis \\</td>]
[<td>In forepart of work are described some existing method for approximate computation
global illumination effect in 3D scenes. Primary objective surveyed method
here is method screen space direct occlusion (SSDO). This method work in image
space right on the graphic processing unit (GPU). Creates local occlusion near object
in scene and in addition includes information obout directionality incoming
lighting. Further respects coloured reflections from near object, one bounce of indirect
illumination.
Second part of the work describes implementation surveyed method to the existing
system for visualization and processing 3D scenes (VRUT). Implementation
will supplemented about shadow maps method for more realistic. Implemented will
also be screen space ambient occlusion method (SSAO).
Final part of the work will give to comparison and testing on implemented
methods on several 3D scenes with different characteristics.</td>]
[<td>This study deals with the issue of sharing study materials and information on courses taught at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering at the Czech Technical University in Prague. The goal was to design and implement a system that would streamline and facilitate this process. As a result, an information system has been programmed that allows for easy creation and manipulation of course sites. Those sites serve as knowledge bases and offer an easy way for students and teachers to share lecture slides, notes, or any other kind of multimedia and thus allow them to cooperate on improving the quality of available study materials.</td>]
[<td>The present Master\\\'s thesis seeks to develop a better understanding of what the customer relationship management system is, how it works, and what functionalities it has. In the first section, the objective is to compare existing solutions on the market and carry out their best features for a new future application. The application is designed using a modeling language and the steps for its implementation are explained. An important aim is to find out what potential customers want from the application. On the market, there is a lack of products based on the promising Google technologies, so this work intends to build a solution on them. This thesis elaborates on new technologies and brings in new ideas. The last part is dedicated for implementation of the new system, testing, and summarizing the ideas for future work. The appendices include supporting material for the development of the application from the outset to the end.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is to analyze requirements, design and implement an informational portal. The aim of this information portal is to inform the internet users about action of academic stuff on Department of Computer Science and Engineering at FEE CTU and a few chosen employees from other universities in the Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>This work investigates the possibility of creation videos using the MoCap technology. The work seeks to propose a procedure that allows simple and efficient creation of videos with this technology. At the end of the work there is an evaluation of the proposed procedure.</td>]
[<td>This work describes a creation of the new graphical user interface for an existing web adaptive e-learning system. The important part of the work is user experience and usability. Java, Javascript, Ajax, and jQuery have been used in this work. User interface has been tested in usability tests.</td>]
[<td>This paper is devoted to questions about static code analysis enforcing a given coding standard. It explains a general overview, construction process, relationships and tools. The content of the paper is proposed as follows: from a very high level we begin with a business environment and then we focus on quality assurance, related standards, static code analysis, coding standard, an implementation process with the tool C++test, the integrated development environment Parasoft Rule Wizard and an implementation of coding rules.

The theoretical section serves as a description of the purpose of this paper where the topic begins with a general overview and then it provides specific information with the aim to understand the implementation section of this paper which describes a real process of static code analysis and an implementation of rules checking a particular coding standard.

This paper tries to explain relationship between a numbers of technical definitions with the goal to understand a partial process of software quality assurance.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis project is to design and implement the application which allows the user to communicate through telephone in a language which he or she does not know. The user prepares some yes or no questions for the call or some other simple ones including some predefined phrases. This preparation is translated into the target languages and synthesized by TTS. The user learns the essential amount of the foreign language or at least, his prepared answers. During the call, the user triggers a playback of these phrases and listens to the answers.</td>]
[<td>Choosing the right database system that supports XML has become a difficult problem because of the diversity in functionality and performance. The aim of this work is to create a~data generator for XML and a testing tool the native XML database systems. Generator users will be able describe both the structure (DTD) and the content of the data to be generated. The testing tool is designed to measure query running time and is able to evaluate results for specified test scenario. This will enable to do benchmark test and compare systems. The thesis provides comparison with XMark data generator and results of the XMark performance benchmark which was produced by testing tool.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis project deals with creating game using VRML and Javascript. The game is implemented under model of school building which resides at Karlovo namìstí.
The game needs to be properly designed before it can be created. So part of this bachelor thesis project is scenario and detailed analysis of GUI. Last part of this project is about implementation.</td>]
[<td>Subject of this Master’s thesis is making of a Müllers villa virtual model in VRML/X3D. It was developed in cooperation with capital city Prague\\\'s Museum and describes, how to create a virtual model of similar buildings. In terms of this theses was modeled external parts of villa, including close vicinity and three rooms including a furniture. Further it describes creation of model textures in Gimp application and selection of suitable modelling application.

The models were created in 3ds Max, then exported to VRML and optimized. Also were created suitable prototypes and animations. Further was designed suitable connection of created models with concurrently created work by Josef Suchý, which concludes modelling rest of the villa. At the end, the complete model of villa was transferred to X3D format.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes and specificates the implementation of a plugin for CityEngine, which allows network on-demand virtual city model generation. This plugin serves as a client and CityEngine instance manager for continual generation of virtual infinite cities. It also works as a communication channel between CityEngine and a display device such as CAVE.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis aims at designing and implementing an algorithm for automated generation of language tests from predefined set of questions using constraint programming techniques. The work starts with analysis of requirements for the proposed system, formulation of the language test generation problem, overview of constraint satisfaction problem solvers, implementation of the library itself, and last but not least performance tests of the library on both real and synthetic data. </td>]
[<td>The thesis purpose is designed application for interpretation of pregnancy test for visually impaired users. It has theoretically and application character.
In the theoretically part I am concerned with focus group (future user) research. Then market research in the area of pregnancy tests thru web pages, where users keep other users advised of their experiences. Farther is the design of the application itself based on executed researches.
In application phase it is coming to testing of arisen design and subsequent implementation.
Benefit is new opportunity for visually impaired users, how to afford them more privacy and independency.</td>]
[<td>In this work I researched augmented reality – its history, principles, technology and uses. I researched devices that can be used to obtain 3D and depth image. I also researched natural user interfaces and devices that are used for it. In addition to this theoretical research I used VVVV toolkit and Microsoft Kinect to create some examples of augmented reality and natural user interfaces.</td>]
[<td>This thesis disserts about the design and implementation of a controller for interaction with virtual objects in 3D scene. After establishing objectives the work is focused on the designing of a device, which evolves in a suitable candidate for implementation. That is a laser pointer, which is complemented by its own specially designed optical tracker, composed of three webcams. Implementation of the device involved a variety of issues that needed to be addressed and are also described within this text. To assess the result of efforts the device is subjected to a set of tests to explore the possibilities of its actual deployment. The conclusion evaluates the whole work and discusses the possibilities of continuing.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is creation of the software tool focused on 3D reconstruction of underground areas which enable user to work with SHAPE file format developed by ESRI and to create the profile of the underground with the help of users inputs that can be exported to VRML language. My second goal is to create 3D model of the upper floor of Konìprusy Caves with the help of the foregoing tool. This 3D model is based on vector data and paper map records.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to create rules, which will lead to production of reused model for 4 kinds of reusability. In this work I will deal with formats, which are appropriate for saving a model and secure its reusability in the future. At the end I will test collected data from diploma works and in a case that all of them will not fulfill these rules I will create a schematic model, which I will also test.</td>]
[<td>Computer games are an important part of the entertainment industry, however their development can be rather complex and expensive. The aim of this work is to describe an effort to create tools for developing simple platform games – game engine and editor.

The beginning of this thesis briefly aknowledges reader with computer games and nowadays development tools and compares current commercial and free solutions. Then it continues with examination of technologies for game engine and editor development.

Both Design and Implementation chapters provide insight into complicated development process with usage of modern programming paradigms such as event driven development, multithreading or scripting support. Included CD contains developed application prototype, which is being described within this document.
</td>]
[<td>Progressiveness in a global illumination algorithm is a desirable, yet seldom considered property. We have decided to explore this class of algorithms with additional focus on estimate consistency and suitability for GPU implementation. Of these, several were chosen for implementation, including path tracing and various filtering techniques on one hand and several progressive photon tracing algorithms on the other.

In total, seven algorithms were implemented. The process of parallelizing these for a Single Program Multiple Data (SPMD) parallel computer is described, the resulting implementations were then tested on several scenes with varying complexity and illumination features. Results were compared, with main focus on progression of estimation error in time.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of virtual worlds gallery. Its main function is to provide interface for travelling between VRML worlds created at the Department of Computer Graphics and Interaction. These worlds could be for example former bachelor and diploma thesis or successful semestral projects. Special application which allows user to add new worlds, edit them or delete them without writing any VRML code, was developed as second part of this bachelor thesis. Its main benefit is in simplification of management and presentation of worlds created at the Department of Computer Graphics and Interaction.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis undertakes analysis and subsequent implementation of an electronic cookbook E-chef  written in Java programming language as a client-server web application.
The cookbook allows users an easy way to organize recipes by assigning them to various categories and by assigning ingredients to recipes.
These associations make it easy to search by selected criteria.
The application offers other features for logged on users.

The result of this thesis is common server and web client, which is accessible to all internet users. The work also includes installation guide and user manual for created web application.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design an email archiving solution using a distributed database system, commonly known as NoSQL. We described the basic concepts that are used by distributed database systems. We made a strong analysis of requirements for the high capacity and fault tolerant storage of email messages, featuring attachment deduplication to provide an efficient space saving. We identified main criteria for high level comparison of modern NoSQL systems, then we chose two possible candidates that comply with requirements.
Functions and architectures of Cassandra and HBase systems were described, subjects were thoroughly tested performance wise. We modeled and implemented the application prototype using Cassandra.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to design and implement a unified data source about timetable from the university information system KOS for Student\\\'s Crutch and its related applications. The document analyses the current solution in Student\\\'s Crutch and existing solutions in other applications. Based on this analysis, it proposes its own solution, which is then implemented and tested. The main emphasis is given on compatibility with the Student\\\'s Crutch related applications.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the well known JPEG image format. The work includes a theoretical and analytical part. The theoretical part discusses the characteristics of raster formats, especially the JPEG format. The analysis of the JPEG file tests dependence of the image size and image quality on the type of encryption, compression rate and type of quantization matrices.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and especially implementation of a Web based room booking system for FEL. Data of the schedules derives from the KOSapi application in XML, then reservation from its own database and from calendars in iCal format.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with realistic rendering of vegetation in real time. It focuses primarily on the realistic movement caused by tree-wind interaction. Method of 3D model animation is described as well as advanced leaf-shading, which respects translucency. Subsequently, the work deals with the rendering of large vegetation growths using level of detail (LOD) methods. Slice based LOD system with 3 levels is designed. A novel method of reverse transformation is introduced, which enables movement simulation of vegetation at the level of individual branches within billboards. The methods were implemented and evaluated in the terms of quality and efficiency.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with design navigation for blind people to the interior of buildings and outdoor
crossing between them using a mobile phone. Simultaneously work deals with the
behavior of blind people during navigation and their requirements on navigation. At the
beginning of this work the characterization of visually impaired people, the available navigations systems and the general theories of motion and orientation in space is described. The works also deals with design and implementation of navigations prototype and its
testing with blind users. Prototype is designed on mobile phone with touch screen and operational system Android. At the conclusion of this work are summarized the results of testing and interviews with potencional users.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of software for web browser Chrome that will record all user activity during web pages browsing. Output will be generated XML file with all the accumulated data.</td>]
[<td>New features of GPUs are made available to programmers using OpenGL through extensions. However, documentation of extensions does not mention expected speed ups or other advantages of using them. Therefore, we started project GLET, in which we created a set of test applications focused on finding advantages and disadvantages of extensions. We tested extensions, which enable usage of compressed texture formats. We found out, that correct usage of these formats can lead up to 5 times loading speed improvement and 40% faster drawing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with proposal and implementation of application for management and versioning of knowledge in formatted text form.
Application is primarily for narrower group of people, who work on some project, and need to record and backup their knowledge.
Diagrams used in the proposal are using modeling language UML and WebML. The application is written in PHP 5.3 in Czech framework Nette. It uses MySQL and JavaScript framework jQuerry. The text formatting tool provides TinyMCE. An important feature of the project is to share knowledge and versioning in the database.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with Dungeon Mobile game implementation, which is designed for mobile phones running Windows Mobile operating system. Application is written in C# language for mobile platforms. The game offers a possibility to use custom pictures for enemies, items and creation of custom levels.
Introduction describes chosen game principles and defines goals of the thesis. Second part of thesis is aimed at analysis of available graphics and sound libraries for Windows Mobile operating system. User interface concept is described in the third part. Forth part mentions game implementation and also describes structure of the game archive. In the last part is evaluation of the thesis results and the user interface usability tests.</td>]
[<td>This research deals with the analysis and design processes required for managing hosting services. On this basis the Drupal extension is implemented for a hosting company. The thesis also deals with issues of secure coding and testing capabilities in Drupal.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this study was to test what it takes to create a short animation.
The theoretical part describes the steps that should be met creating a short animation. Most of the theory was description of stereoscopy. The next methods are described, as should come consecutively.
The practical part chronologically describes the creation of short animation, each decision was elected exactly why this procedure and not another. The result is a short animation, which can be seen in the VR-lab.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on problems of online video content publishing. The work analyses current technologies and multimedia formats used for the online video content distribution while considering issues of the maximal playback compatibility. According to the analysis, this thesis deals with design and implementation of the web application used to publish video recordings. The final web application is implemented by using Zend Framework, HTML5, Adobe Flash, FFMPEG, MySQL and other tools.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses the possibilities of web system EDUX extension. It covers analysis, design and implementation of individual extensions for this system, which they enrich with the possibility of available Web services as sources of information, as for example KOSapi-2. Individual extensions are implemented as plugins for webs of DokuWiki type, which the system EDUX is build upon. The exception is the extension REST client, which is implemented as simple API for the use of PHP library libcurl and the extension REST server, implemented using Zend framework.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to personalize whole user interface (UI) of EDUX, to be userfriendly and fast-and-easy to get information from. The main goal is to create transparent web page dashboard with settable widgets, which should complement the main page. Simple widgets let user access information related to studies or environment of EDUX. The thesis
describes design and implementation of the page dashboard and  ndividual widgets, mainly widget with information of all active courses student is taking actual semester. Further it also describes how to implement own widgets.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about test of Reading Companion, program developed by IBM. The program
is supposed to be educating English skills of small American children who have speaking
difficulties or mispronunciation or to help to non-native speakers with their English.
The program has not been tested with any usability test. I have tested the program from
different views, its usefulness, user interface, teacher’s area or Book Builder. I have made
few tests, some with users and other with Expert review technique or so. I got out lot of
tips how to improve the system and found out mistakes making the system worse.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on the problems of computer graphics and its projection on various types of surface (the so-called „mapping“). It includes important facts about different projection devices and their usage in specific conditions. A reader will get to know to the problems of transformation, transformation matrixes and texturing in computer graphics and in OpenGL. Within this bachelor thesis I have designed and implemented an application in C++, which describes the basic processes and techniques when projecting. Library OpenGL and its interface GLUT have been used for the implementation of the application.</td>]
[<td>A subject of the graduation theses dealt with an applied implementation of a data collection within web sites environment. The method is based on similar systems that are known already, however is focused on users (target group) of the web sides who are working on the higher level within the web environment. A web application that facilitates specifications of stimuli for the users and web distribution and collection of feedbacks of the users is a result (main purpose) of the graduation theses, as well as implementation of assorted researches aimed at big quantity users over of the world.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The project inspects and discusses improvements of the Change Management practices within global IT service provider. The primary objective of the project is to analyse and implement a new software tool for management of the change agenda. This involves whole software development process including requirements collection, system analysis, design, implementation and testing. The project goal is to get rid of big manual effort of collecting data and bring more transparency to Change Management process in DHL Informations Services, s.r.o.

In the first part, the ITIL methodology, especially Change Management area is described. In the second part, the analysis of current state of the process implementation is discussed and proposed opportunities for improvement. In the next chapters, the selected parts of the improvement opportunities are described. In the end, the testing methodology and results are summarized and possibilities of the future improvements are proposed.</td>]
[<td>Widely used representation of real-world objects through polygonal meshes offers simplicity at the cost of possible errors. Either when modelling the object or acquiring it through 3D scanner, such errors on polygonal mesh may occur.

Having a program that would be capable of finding and repairing the errors embedded in a solid GUI would represent a powerful tool. Therefore, a team of students at CUT in Prague - namely Petr Marek, Jan Klusák and Ondrej Kluèka - was given a task to implement such program.

Given theoretical and implementation results of team members, the goal of this diploma thesis is to create a GUI for 3D model reconstruction and repair the errors found. Based on C++ and OpenGL, the implementation should put a special emphasis on usability, user-friendliness and intuitiveness.</td>]
[<td>Irradiance and radiance caching are important algorithms for solving the light transport problem in realistic image synthesis. They both require geometric search data structures for efficient rendering. Our goal was to improve the caching algorithms by improving these data structures.

We have implemented 6 different data structures for irradiance caching, 2 previously used and 4 newly adapted to the problem. Our testing showed that multiple-reference data structures offer the best traversal performance at the cost of higher memory consumption. 

For interpolation on glossy surfaces we have implemented the spatial directional radiance caching. Instead of modifying its data structures we have created a novel radiance caching algorithm by merging its spatial and directional interpolation phases, creating the unified radiance cache.
</td>]
[<td>Master thesis describes a physical simulation of burning solids in computer graphics and its implementation. It is focused especially on simulation of material decomposition, heat distribution and object disintegration. Thesis describes some existing methods used for simulation of this phenomenon and on base of it is proposed an application, which implements these procedures. Namely they are heat distribution in rigid body and its nearby, pyrolysis, material decomposition and object disintegration with motion simulation under gravity. Heat distribution in environment is modeled as fluid dynamics simulation, which ensure flow of air around the object. To model the decomposition is object represented as a signed distance field, which is changing by pyrolysis during the simulation process. For object disintegration and its collapse is used PhysX and for movement of the object in fluid dynamics simulation environment is used method of overlapping grids. Implementation of some parts of methods is computed on graphics processor with CUDA to speed up the application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on solving large sparse linear systems which formulate problems, defined on a two dimensional grid, described by elliptic partial differential equations, the general Laplace-Beltrami equation and its subsets, Poisson and Laplace equations. The iterative methods for solving sparse linear systems as well as applications from the field of image processing, where such systems are solved, are presented. The thesis also provides an explanation of basic principles of GPGPU programming in CUDA framework. The CUDA implementation of the solver used for interactive image segmentation is described and the results are compared with the output from MATLAB. </td>]
[<td>The work focuses on the possibility of extending the delegation of access rights of individual pages and namespaces in Edux learning system for teachers and guarantors of the subjects. Edux uses open-source project DokuWiki, in  which this extension is accompanied by a set of easily manageable plugins. Emphasis was placed on simple and quick usability with the option to specify the time and permanent access rules for authorized users not only from the administration of Edux.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with development of application for mobile phone running on Android platform. Application should enable to record information available from device. It includes network information (such as Cell ID, MNC, MCC, LAC, signal strength), information about user (date and time of sent/received SMS and outgoing/incoming calls), information about user\\\'s location (GPS coordinates) and information about network (cells information). This data should be send in regular interval to the remote server over GPRS, where it is stored in MySQL database by script. Simple server which would accept this data is also part of this work.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the utilization of flexible work zones, which have been created in the
Flexi office project at Vodafone Czech Republic. The goal is to split zones into several groups
according to similarity in work zones utilization to determine which zones should be placed
on the same floor of the building. Another goal of this work is to find out a suitable model
and a classifier for predicting the zones utilization in the coming days for utilization planning
purposes and increasing efficiency of flexi office itself. The conclusion is devoted to evaluate
the achievements of this work and possibilities of practical use within the company.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of web product marketplace which offers a place for presentation 
of products. It allows manufacturers and sellers to present their products in various categories. It is possible to
add additional information such as attributes, articles and images dynamically.

Visitors can search for these products using product\'s parameters or its seller and location. They can view found products and also rate them. Visitors can Additionaly access information about 
manufacturers and sellers residing in a given region.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, design and implementation of DVD sales management system.
Created application, based on web technologies provides an environment for managing vendors, customers, various types of sales and product transfers. Finally, the application includes tools for making vendors inventories and generating sales reports. During the application design emphasis was placed on simplicity and usability, with regard to the fact that users will be ordinary unskilled computer users.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of web application that help users to schedule meetings among a larger group of people using mobile phone.

The work focuses on simplifying the current scheduling meetings by creating new application with an easy user interface that do the work faster and better organize.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis „The generator models of buildings and interior design“ was to create an application – using inputted data - that is able to create a simple 3D model using a repetition of the scene.
The first part of the thesis contains a brief introduction and looks at the theory, the documentation of the language used to create scene and a description of the application. The second section examines the implementation of Java applications.</td>]
[<td> In this thesis we introduce methods for simulation and visualisation of the process of chemical reactions. Main attention is paid to methods which can be effectively simulated on the graphics processor. Simulation of  reactants (fluids and gas) movement is described by the Navier-Stokes equations for incompressible Newtonian fluid flow. Simulation and visualization is rendered on the graphics card.

 The result of the work is the application which enables simulation of smoke and chemical reactions, and real-time visualization for grid size up to 80^3. Implemented simulator operates in 3D and for examination of the effectiveness of the solution on the graphics procesor, we programmed a simplified 2D version for the CPU and GPU.
</td>]
[<td>Modern graphics accelerators do not serve for classic computer games graphics computation accelerations only any more. Their highly parallel architectures enable their use in a broad spectrum of calculations. Because of the release of the OpenCL library and our interest in ray-tracing, we decided to show that ray-tracing is feasible not only on a multi-core processor but also on an ordinary graphics card. Our thesis first compares OpenCL to the other similar libraries and then illustrates its use. For ray-tracing we selected two acceleration structures -- the uniform grids and bounding volume hierarchies. We implement their construction and traversal in C++ and OpenCL. In the end of the thesis, we measure which of them and on what architecture performs better.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on modernization of the information portal of the town Støíbro. The thesis describes an analysis of this website done with the use of web analytics tool Google Analytics. Next steps consists of creating a new draft of this website which can fulfill modern standards of internet marketing and SEO. Website is then practically created with the use of freeware content management system Drupal. Final part consists of debugging and testing the functionality of the website.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to design and implement a synchronization module for Android. Its functionality is demonstrated on synchronizing notes, tasks and contacts. This module should also manage the synchronization of attached binary data. This thesis also brings new application for searching emails and file sharing function. All parts of this work use protocol IMAP. All applications in this work were tested to detect errors and test the suitability of the user interface.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to be familiar with modern technologies and frameworks for building
enterprise Java applications, compare their features and select the one that will t on the
implementation of output information system.
The main part of the proposal is to design model of application and create a beta version of
sophisticated web application / management information system for the agenda of a small
town cinema, which will be deployed for testing by conventional users and debugged for the
real use.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis aims to bind information system based on Dokuwiki to LDAP directory. This binding should improve management of projects that are developed by research group. Thesis provides reader with analysis, design and implementation of required extensions. The result is plugin which shows this binding.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses complete design of web information system for a estate agency Arkadia reality s.r.o The system is programmed in PHP with using the MySQL relational database and three-tier MVC architecture. Design diagrams are modeled in UML. The thesis describes the general system requirements, an analysis of existing solution, an design and implementation of new application including testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the appropriate combination of a virtual reality (3D world) with a purchase at a classic internet shop. Through the 3D model of the classic shop and interactive environment brings the project online shopping closer to customers as close to the normal reality as possible. The goal of this thesis is the possibility of looking at actual data and information from online shop using the virtual reality.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design (and implementation) of a user interface of the interaction model for developers. The interaction model will be used by developers to design accessible applications. The user interface serves as an input into a large ontology. After processing the input parameters the developer entered the interaction model offers to him recommendations how to design an application taking into account needs of the handicaped user he defined. The design has been made with emphasize on usability and efficiency of the UI. The UI has been tested. This work is part of an international project called AEGIS.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to create an audio plugin using the VST technology that would allow spatial placement of sound. The first part introduces principles used during localization of a sound source. The next part deals with realization of aforementioned principles as discrete time signal processing filters. Implementation of the plugin and of a GUI in Java is described in the last part, including measurements and tests results.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis if to create aplication for diagnostic of disorders of vestibular apparatus with help of Hautant\\\'s test by using existing aplication for diagnostic of patients with Parkinson\\\'s disease. Next task is to enhance graphical user interface for better user accesibility and to make it\\\'s control more intuitive.                                     

Implementation into existing aplication together with it\\\'s testing of method for examination of Hautant\\\'s test. Existing user interface was replaced with the current list of analytical tools by toolbar icons and help, which streamlines and simplifies the control.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to familiarize it\\\'s readers with latest technologies in the field of optical access networks. The analysis of available technologies is focused especially on passive optical access networks based on Ethernet protocol. The second part of the thesis deals with the basics of application software design and development and further utilizes those rules to implement a stand-alone application used for configuration of MiniMAP 9100 devices via graphical user interface.</td>]
[<td>Project elaborated in this document lies between IT consulting and process management field. It deals with analyzing and optimizing of bank processes and paper documents flow related to the specified loan products. The goal is to improve the current business model to generate costs savings and obtain other benefits. The best way to achieve these improvements is using of IT technologies.
The document contains description of work procedure and methods, situation analysis and designed optimizations with calculated financial impacts.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis aims to design a database data replication environment that is suitable for occasionally connected applications. The thesis contains an analysis and evaluation of an open-source replicator. Further to the identification of the drawbacks of the replicator I come with a proposal for their elimination and implement the most important of them. The modified replicator and client application are then used to create the required replication environment for occasionally connected applications. Suitability of the use of the selected replicator for such purposes is also discussed in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to the analysis of existing graphical user interfaces (GUIs) for which no source codes are available. This can solve portability issues when we want to use one computer application in more environments (operating systems, devices, etc.). In this work, methods of GUI analysis are introduced and compared in order to design and implement a tool that enables automatic GUI analysis. The work also includes a research of GUI description languages. Mentioned tool will be able to export GUI description in selected language.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the draft, implementation and testing of application for training of  all ten fingers typing at schools. Its aim is to create a fully functional setting that should be comfortable for all users and the administrator.
The diagrams of the UML graphic language and the navigation models of the WebML language were used for the draft of this application. This application is programmed through the use of the Mootools JavaScript framework and the PHP language, 5.3 version. The data stacking and the administration of data is conducted by the MySQL relational database. The appearence of the application is written by the XHTML language and the CSS language.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with creating a web site containing information about OpenGL extensions. The site should include a current list of all known extensions and all their specication documents. Additional content can be added by users, who will be able to add code examples and upload executable tests for any extension. They will also be able to contribute to discussions.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with problematics of audio, video and lights synchronization in context of stage design. Theoretical part consist of two minor parts. The first deals with applications, which exist nowadays, and tries to rate them accordingly to their usability, second part sets up main requirements on the application. Implementation part deals with real architecture of application, used frameworks and libraries and problems, that arised during implementation phase.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is an implementation of a simulator of evolution and move of still more common natural phenomenon – sand storm – based on fluid model and its physical description by Navier-Stokes equations. The result of this work is a physical module working with adaptive space division, ensuring interaction between storm and surrounding scene and which gives raise to a full simulation application after merging with graphic module.</td>]
[<td>This document describes the design and implementation of plug-in for Light Composer software. The plug-in is implemented using the Java3D library. 
The first part describes the existing software of the same type and software Light Composer. The next part is detailed description of the design and implementation of the application. Finally, you can find a comparison of application with original objectives. 
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with processing XPath queries using tree pattern pushdown automata for trees in bar notation. Modifications of these automata for their adaptation to search using XPath queries are introduced, as well as algorithms for processing various types of XPath queries using the modified automata. Implementation of this method is described with respect to testing and results analysis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis addresses comparison of a typical relational database with non-relational one while it focuses on non-relational database MongoDB.

The practical result of the work is an information system based on Google Maps. Realization of the system is also described in the work. This system is used to demonstrate how the implementation for individual databases vary, and it is also shown how to minimize these differences.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design of using mobile phone with touch screen for visually impaired people and theirs navigation in the interior using a mobile phone, where QR codes is used for determining the position of the user. At the beginning of the work there are described designs of controlling of mobile phone and layout of user interface of the navigation application. Next part of the work deals with way of storing the scheme of buildings to the file and design of the application. Further there are described tests with users. At the end of the work there are described the possible improvements and expansion of the system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor project is to extend the functionality of the Condor corpora manager. Condor is a new web application, which should replace older managers (Bonito 1, Bonito 2). As a back-end Manatee library is still used. Condor combines the advantages of each of its predecessors (desktop and web applications), which would not be possible without modern technology such as Java EE, Java Persistence API, and especially Google Web Toolkit. This work focuses on analysis, design, implementation and testing of component to calculate statistics. It is relatively small, but important and frequently used, part of the application.</td>]
[<td>The main part is focused on creating a model of human head in an external 3Dmodeling
environment. The modeling part is done in Autodesk 3ds Max 2010 64-bit. UV mapping and
texturing is done in an environment of Blender-2.49b. The aim is to achieve as faithful to
the human form in a limited number of polygons for rendering in real-time.
The model will then be processed in Talking Head. When using a selection of vertices set
the model creates an imaginary model of the controlling muscles.</td>]
[<td>The project deals with design and realization of using Google Maps API for integration
into Onecore, which is the content management system based on programming language PHP.
At the beginning, I am focusing on a brief introduction into Onecore from a position of a usual
system user (a web presentation content administrator) and there is also an introduction into
Google Maps software. Because of various application programming interfaces (APIs) and
many implementation possibilities, there is an explanation of them situated in the analytic
section and, after all, the most suitable one is chosen.
There follows a more detailed description of the chosen API in the design section. It
involves showing a map centered on any coordinates, including it into the HTML code and
also using overlayed objects like marker, polylines and polygons. There is also a detailed
description of CMS Onecore at the view of programmer and design of integration Google
Maps API into this system. Finally, there is an implementation and testing section, where
the previously explained solution presented on real web project and application are tested
for resistance against various attacks on the web server.</td>]
[<td>In my bachelor thesis, I want to analyse the method KLM (Keystroke-Level Model) and its use for model behaviour of user during web browsing. The thesis starts with introduction to the method KLM, which the implementation of the application is based on. The application allows the user to record operations while he is working with a web page. The main question will be: Is this application sufficient to descript the operations or is it necessary to extend the parameters? We can find the answer with testing the application.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a problem of generating city routes text description for visually impaired
people. An existing application prototype is used as a basis and enhanced in two ways.
Pathfinding system is added and quality of generated text is evaluated and improved. Final
implementation is deployed on live server and tested with end users, which are navigation
center operators in Czech blind united organisation.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s project is focused on design and implementation of modules into the already existing content management system, that would cover all needs of Scout\\\'s centres and division onto their web sites.</td>]
[<td>In an ever-evolving environment of web development it is crucial to set and comply with standards. The emerging HTML5 and CSS3 specifications bring new features and possibilities into the mix of web technologies and set a trend to the future. It is now that we have to invest our time and resources to these technologies as they will be the founding blocks of future web.
The content management system is a vital element in online data organization. The ease of use, richness of features and cross-browser and cross-vendor capabilities are imperative to its adoption and trend-setting character.
This thesis is trying to bring together new technologies being adopted in browsers today with classic online data management and point at good practices in programming development for the web.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this thesis is volumetric rendering implementation in the FurryBall plugin. Using volumetric rendering we can realistically visualize results of uid, smoke, or fog simulation. Integration into FurryBall enables us with interactive display of results in Autodesk Maya already while modelling the mentioned phenomena. This thesis deals with effective integration with the multi-pass rasterization already present in FurryBall. Compared to the results of the ubiquitous Mental Ray plugin, our measurements on testing scenes suggest that our volumetric rendering implementation achieves comparable quality while being up-to three degrees of magnitude faster.</td>]
[<td>My Bachelor thesis deals with a web application which will help the users in the selection of the trip and will be the user databases of the trips. Portal users will have the functionality to managing the trips, communication with other users and searching the destinations by rating, location and average price of the trip. This applications will be integrated with some existing web-services. The location of the trip will be displayed by using Google Maps. For the information about user actions performed in the environment of this application can be sent to the user´s profile of Facebook. 
For creating an application I will use the Model - View - Presenter architecture using Nette Framework. The final application will be testing by set of simple tests.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis takes part in a bilateral Czech-Argentinean project which aims to develop a framework intended for managing execution of data mining experiments within a GRID environment. The main goal of the thesis is to propose and subsequently validate a method for semi automatic construction of workflows representing data mining experiments. The proposed method constructs workflows combining two sources: experiment structure expressed as a template, and a set of user rules which designate transformation of the template into the final workflow. Our effort results in the proposition of ontology-based formalisation expressed in OWL language which determines the form of experiment definition as well as of the user transformation rules. We have also implemented an algorithm in Java which performs the template transformation and produces a workflow represented as a directed acyclic graph. To prove workflows being generated correctly we have also implemented a component for sequential workflow execution on a local computer. The second part of the thesis deals with the practical case study in order to validate results of the first part. We reconstruct a workflow of publicly available application XGENE.ORG using the proposed method and compare resulting outputs with those generated by the original version of the application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on issues of planning and execution of projects in the environment of small and medium businesses. It deals with theoretical and practical aspects, summarizes suitability of applying different techniques, describes several common mistakes and takes into account demands, which small and medium businesses have on software tools for making easy their agenda. Selected existing applications are then compared from the perspective of these businesses. In addition this thesis consists also of a design of custom application simplifying the work of these businesses. It describes the implementation and testing of this application as well.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the Flystick technology, rotation and motion of device using infrared cameras. It describes a stereoscopic views of scenes and its modeling using the Virtual Reality Modeling Language (VRML). There is also a detailed manual about calibration of cameras included, their easy operation and integration with Universal Virtual Reality Toolkit (VRUT) using the implemented modules. The result of this work is not only facilitate further work in this field, but it also includes a virtual demonstration environment for device.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the research of graphics library for rendering 3D graphics on mobile devices running Windows Mobile. The first part contains a quick introduction to Windows Mobile, the second part describes the common basics of 3D libraries and OpenGLES, WebGL, XNA, M3G, O3D, X3D, VRML, Java3D and GapiDraw. The last part contains a brief step-by-step instructions for programming with OpenGL ES and M3G.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis aims to describe the design and implementation of process management tool for the creation of personas. Personas are way to describe the target group of users.This tool will ease the analysis of the entire process and keep the links between the steps. The work also includes description of creation of personas.The result of this thesis is functional aplication.</td>]
[<td>Volume of processed emails has an always growing trend. Most of mails systems used
today do not reect this trend and are based on non-distributed architecture which only
enables costly vertical scaling. Goal of this work is to design architecture for email storage
capable of processing tenths up to hundreds million emails. This architecture will oer
horizontal scaling of all components while keeping cost of hardware low. The solution is
based on non-distributed databases and focused on selection of a suitable database from
this category. By testing speed and creating a prototype we verify fulllment of set goals.
Output of this work is design of a solution which meets requirements for scalability while
keeping low cost of hardware components used and introduction to non-relational distributed
databases. The present work proves that these databases are suitable for the our task and
resolve problems identied in this work.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with multi-touch tables, along with application programming interfaces for creation programs for these tables. The first part focuses on the historical development of tactile devices, the basic classification and characterization famous multi-touch tables on the market. Another part is comparing the programming interface for multi-touch interactive applications on the tables. The work also describes the basic problems in developing touch applications for multiple users.
Implementation part makes a goal, to create application for multi-touch table SMART Table, which is intended for small children and will honor the principles for creating user interface for multiple users work on one desktop. It will demonstrate the possibility of cooperation and communication.
The last part focuses on solutions connecting multi-touch tables so as to enable their cooperation. The proposal applies in particular to the educational environment, thus enabling cooperation of students on the interactive tables in the classroom.</td>]
[<td>The theoretical part of this thesis analyses the needs and problems of visually impaired tourists, proposes a software solution of a system designed to support the visually impaired in tourism. It consists of a web application offering hiking tracks and tips for trips, and a mobile phone application helping visually impaired users navigate on the tourist track.

The practical part deals with the system implementation, difficulties of the development for the visually impaired and the use of various methods to improve the web application accessibility. Furthermore, the practical part describes the implementation of the application for a mobile phone with a touch screen and deals with its control.

The final part includes usability testing of both application prototypes and conclusions arising from it. It also includes recommendations for future works and further development of the tourism promotion system for the visually impaired.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes actual possibilities recording panoramic video by multicamera systems and possibilities, how a panorama can be mapped on the mechanism as CAVE. A part of the project is a design of the application and its implementation, which allows getting pictures from 4 webcameras and sending to the neighbouring computer, where they are subsequently bind together into a panorama. </td>]
[<td>In this thesis the design and realizations of web pages for support of the subject A3M38ZDS on department of measurement is presented. This work contains CMS which allowing editing of all content of the pages. Furthemore the pages contains E-learning for students as a preparation for exercises.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the design and implementation of multi-use car phone for usability tests and obtaining the output log for further testing. At first, the thesis analyzes problems of testing mobile applications, then discusses the requirements for such application, and describes its design and implementation, finished by performing usability tests.</td>]
[<td>This work observes three main targets. The first target is acquainting the reader with PHP framework Zend. You will find an introduction to all basic packages of this framework with aiming at possibilities of its configuration while starting a project implementation.

After completing this search the next target was to create a reusable package for Zend framework aiming at a configuration of a web application by means of the XML technology. By creating this expansion the work with Zend framework will become much easier and it will make possible to reach its main target: to make the developer free from long lasting configuration operations within this framework and to focus only on main logic of the web application.

Usability of that package has been tested on a project whose implementation is also part of this work. This project deals with the analysis and the final implementation of this web application, i.e. the reservation system for hotels.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis was to implement an application of 3D virtual model based on real telescope Bootes, which can be found in New Zealand. Some parts of the model are able to be interactively  manipulated. Behavior of the model is close to reality, so that average user can find out and try out how the real telescope works. Complete model is placed in a multi-language web page.</td>]
[<td>Abstract
This bachelor work is focus on three ways of low-poly models. Box modelling, NURBS modelling
and PATCH modelling. Each way is suitable for special type of models. Next my work is
concentrated how to form textures by Photoshop that is based on stripes. Finally I aim to animations
including skinning and physical animation. Samples of various low-poly models are contained in
appendix.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis focuses on preproduction phase of MMORPG development. It thinks
about right tools and design to make the game commercial success. Except technical aspects
it also focuses on financial and psychological (subjective) points of design. Final design is
verified with selected technologies.
It describes working with Flash and Push Button engine on client side and project Darkstar
and Java SE on server side.</td>]
[<td>	The goal of this bachelor thesis is to compare computer programs Poser, 3ds Max, Maya, Blender and Motionbuilder from animator\\\'s point of view. The basic and useful processes of using these programs will be shown on examples of a few stretching exercises. The final comparison aims for applicability of mentioned software for animating human characters.
	Contribution of this thesis is to summarize acquired findings that can be useful for other animators working on similar projects. 
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with development and testing of a new kind of input method for mobile device running on Android platform. The new input method for writing texts uses only touch display without a need of hardware keyboard or stylus. The principle is very different from currently used keyboards and consists in writing letters and symbols by finger stroke in specific direction. The speed of writing on this new keyboard and the most widely used QWERTY and modified ABC keyboards was compared during the testing.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to create an interactive 3D model of a reflective telescope D50, located at Astronomical Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic in Ondrejov. The model is implemented in VRML. A web site dedicated to the telescope and containing the model was created as a part of the project.
The text of the thesis describes the process of the whole realization - from modelling and preparation of textures, through optimalization, creation of the web site, testing and research of the similar projects found on the Internet.</td>]
[<td>Thesis deals with fast rendering of volumetric objects, especially with objects defined by distance functions (level sets). Implementations written in C++ and with SSE
instructions utilize recent multicore processors efficiently. Implementations for graphics accelerators uses CUDA C language and OpenCL language. One chapter is focused
on description of this languages and highlights factors which influence the final speed of developed applications. Methods for volumetric data storing and rendering are
described in detail. Above all thesis focuses on rendering with ray tracing. Implemented algorithms are compared and their image generation times are presented. Most suitable
algorithm is modified and rendering library for existing system for immersive virtual reality called Myslbek is created.</td>]
[<td>There are many online examples of OpenGL applications. Finding a well-prepared programs is difficult. Students starting with an OpenGL lack of clear and targeted examples. Therefore, I created a set of applications with an emphasis on simplicity. I established a new and modern criteria, which I implemented. Examples are designed for both fixed and programmable pipelines. For the creation were used less known, but new frameworks. Thus, there incept programs that are applicable to modern OpenGL. Architecture allows applications to be extended into larger projects. It provides operations such as loading textures or 3D models.</td>]
[<td>In this work i deal with the creation of web application to support users who want to undergo a cyclic ketogenic diet. In the first part I focused on the description of the problem and the search of similar applications. The second part deals with analysis of application and implementation environment of choice. The third part describes the implementation of applications and the last, fourth part deals with testing the entire application through scenarios.</td>]
[<td>This thesis explains the basic principles of operation of the DNS system, possible attacks on it and maps the most commonly used DNS servers. The main part of the thesis is a creation of a simple administrative interface to one of the most widely used DNS servers - PowerDNS. The modern development methodology was used in its development. Everything is written in a young, dynamic programming language Ruby, which is focused on simplicity of writing the web applications and on productivity. Several chapters are also devoted to this language and its most popular framework Ruby on Rails, explaining its basic functionality and philosophy.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor project is to provide a new user interface for a copora manager. New application is a replacement of
the older Bonito application used in UCNK FF UK. Manatee library is still used as a back-end. However, front-end is built up using
modern technologies like Java EE and Google Web Toolkit. The thesis is a part of larger project that provides complete solution.
This thesis aims the analysis, design, implementation and testing of user management module, which is very important part of an application,
dealing with copyrighted material. Another solved task is testing and documenting the Manatee library. </td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a system for an easy administration of tasks and claims according to a company‘s demand. Furthermore it shall facilitate the process of recording and observing the span of time used for the above-named tasks to the maximum.
The thesis implies the task analysis, the dissection of existing explanations and the me- thod of adjusting assignments as well as the implementation‘s concept and solution.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, design, and implementation of web application used for recording user\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\'s workouts and its analysis. At first this thesis gathers together the system requirements (functional and non-functional), from which are constructed use case diagrams (showing interaction between system and user) and the domain model. The application is then designed according to previous analysis. The implementation is done by using Java technologies.</td>]
[<td>This work reports on design and implementation of a presentation layer of the table multimedia game Cetus navigator. The implementation builds upon an existing core, which is Game automaton. The presentation layer allows an user to dene audio-visual reactions to various game states. This work also reports on design and implementation of a game control interface. This interface reacts on manipulation with physical pieces on a game board being projected on a game table.
The resulting application receives user input by means of scanning of manipulation with physical stones on the game board and the audio-visual layer provides a feedback to the user by means of dened audiovisual reactions of the system. A prototype of the game table has been designed and constructed within this work as well, fullling the dened requirements of the application on scanning of game pieces and on projecting visual reactions of system.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis deals with the virtual 3D model’s simulation of the laboratory RDC. The first part of the thesis involves a brief familiarization with the creation of the model in VRML and the levels of the detail (LOD). The second part presents the model of the RDC laboratory including the individual projects having been created there. The next part describes LOD and the script. The aim of the thesis is to create an interactive model, which would familiarize users with the equipment and projects of the RDC laboratory.</td>]
[<td>This document deals with evaluation of biometric data from gait laboratory. It introduces to readers a laboratory environment and hardware and software equipment. It describes how the subject position is determined in capture volume of laboratory and how is the position stored. It analyzes used output formats of captured data and it mentions current possibilites of visualization.
The result of this work is functional aplication prototyp, which allows visualization of captured data from gait laboratory.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and implement a new administration structure and graphical
interface of Cirkus café´s web site to fill the demands of modern Web site. The work deals with the
analysis of requirements, description of design solutions and implementation. It also includes a
description of testing the final application and includes a user manual.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to create a 3D model of the National Technical Library in Prague - Dejvice (hereinafter NTL), and especially the interior floors and all premises freely accessible for visitors. The user will be able to get around the building\\\'s floors. The applications will be presented on a website written in PHP. The application will extend the possibility of searching for publications or shelves where the book is located. This indirectly reveals the future need for a link with the NTL databases. The project is noncommercial and is written for the future need of NTL, which wanted to present it on their website. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of a virtual gallery for visitors  of St. Peter and Paul church in Lí¹ná village near Zbiroh. The work consists of two parts, a virtual model of the church, along with pre-prepared gallery and web application. The virtual model was created in the VRML language and can be integrated directly into the web site of the church. The creator of an exhibition have a real chance to offer his / her art work in digital form presented via Internet to the public trough this application. 

The benefit of this project is not only managing galleries, but also an effort to help and rescue the church, which is by approaching the object to the public and various organizations via the Internet.</td>]
[<td>This graduation theses is focused on motion for an implementation of an informating traveler’s agency system, used mainly for accommodation registration, client registration and reservation. Furthermore, this system should substitute contemporary out-of-date system while providing easier and faster order communication for the company.
	The text of this these is devided into several parts. First, it describes difficulties connected with contemporary system used by the company, then it moves to description of the technology the new system is based on. The third part is an opening study, followed by motion for the resolution analysis. The last chapters are devoted to implementation of the application and its testing ceremony. Last but not least, the enclosed supplement contains user guide and handy vocabulary list.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes a light cuts based illumination and the resulting interactive application. This application shows rendered scenes by using direct and indirect one bounce illumination created by GPU based light cuts. The extension of this method is an approximate visibility calculation using shadow maps. This method is very important for many graphics applications, where it is not possible to use ray tracing based methods.</td>]
[<td>This study, visualization of the electromagnetic field in the VR, deals with interactive visualization of data in devices such as CAVE. The first part contains the functions of CAVE, including the hardware on which this study was completed on. It deals with the structure of data, choosing the appropriate method and approach to solving a given problem, and focusing on optimization of speed and image quality for practical use. The reasons why C++, OpenGL, and CAVELib are the programs of choice is explained in the subchapters where the details are elaborated on. The main steps are not just analyzed, but also demonstrated, however, because of clarity and statement length, it is exclusively the program listings that are demonstrated. The large part deals with the implementation of freedom of movement specifically designed for the stage. This study is complemented by an abundance of illustrated pictures and photos of the resolution and the results along with the user manual for the practical use of the current program. In the Annex the test results are contained. It also includes a CD that contains an entire, uncut source code of described software that the details of the study are contained in.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design of the structure and use of the virtual model of kindergarten Kamarád in Pardubice, its implementation in VRML format and subsequent integration into the school website. In all these phases the emphasis is on intuitive navigation and interactive behavior of the model for lay users (parents). At the end of the work results of testing the model in terms of its applicability and information value performed by independent users are presented.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of dog predigree system.
It contains retrieval of similar existing systems. Testing and maintenance of system is also
performed.</td>]
[<td>This paper is dealing with usability testing data analysing. An application, capable to effectively work with these data and quickly analyse these, is designed and created based on these data in Java platform.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the bachelor thesis is to design and implement a tennis reservation system that enables you to easily manage and effectively expand clientele tennis courts. The work describes the analysis, design and a very functional application operating on the Internet. Behavior of the operation is designed to be as close as possible normal lives. User faithfully mimics the actions according to standard procedures used in a given situation.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is concerned with searching a method that allows not only artists to publish their artworks in virtual 3D galleries on the web. After having drawn a comparison between technologies that enable the display of 3D content on the web and exploring existing alternatives of publishing artworks on the internet, the application Expo3D was designed and implemented. It enables uploading of artworks, their managing and placing into one of the several gallery templates and generating third dimensional virtual gallery. The emphasis was placed on the simplicity of gallery creation and its intuitive operating. The whole application was properly tested.</td>]
[<td>This work investigates the possibility of porting data from the Vicon system into several different animation programs. In the first part there is a detailed description of motion capture technology and presentation of the Vicon system. In the next part there are individual steps of data processing. At the end of the work there are drawn some findings, which were reached during the work.</td>]
[<td>Navigation through unknown space without any outside help tends to be very problematic for visualy impaired persons. The needed help may come from specialized application for mobile devices, which can provide the user with basic navigation information based on his query. However, if the user is not able to determine his or her location within the described space, navigation instructions are of no use to the user. A solution to this problem may lie in use of 2D graphical “matrix“ codes. A camera-equipped phone is able to scan and decode certain graphical code, extract the codes unique identification and determine its own position within the described space. This thesis describes the analysis and comparative testing of various 2D graphical codes, implementation of a mobile application prototype, and user testing with visually-impaired users.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of a web application that enables users to search for and rate restaurants and other catering establishments. The thesis first explores existing websites that offer similar functionality. Then, the application design is described, followed by the main part, which focuses on the implementation using Django web framework and jQuery JavaScript library.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the analysis and the voice control design of home appliances. The dialogue management is based on domain ontology using the benefits of semantic information and tested on a functional prototype, which is implemented in Java. For ontology reasoning we have used libraries of Jena Framework. The thesis also drafts rules of communication between human and an avatar. </td>]
[<td>Virtual reality rendering also attached field of handheld devices like Personal Digital Assistants or smart phones. This paper will briefly cover the contemporary situation in mobile 3D graphics rendering possibilities. Fundamental and advanced rendering algorithms will be presented in order to provide an optimized way in the mobile limits context. This work assumes a virtual world loading from remote data centre (server) using data link. I will deal with mobile data transmission problems in detail. Data distribution model will be described as well. In the end of this work I will present the experimental implementation of suggested model realized in VRML 97 format. VRML/ X3D mobile browsers will be shortly mentioned, too.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor Thesis deals with virtual tour through Franciscan church in Cheb and its presentation on websites. The model of the whole object is made in Virtual Reality Modeling Language known as VRML. The text of the Bachelor Thesis is focused on the mode of creating 3D models in external modeling software, its consequential simplication and optimalization for VRML. The stress is laid on the optimal size and quality of data transmitted via Internet.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is deals with design and implementation of application logic and user interface for realizing VoIP and video conferences within application and web server on JAVA platform. The Content of the thesis falls under a bigger project called Semsung which already started in 2008 as cooperation of CTU and iptel.org. 

The thesis primarily describes concrete solutions while technologies are described only to allow the reader to understand the application and its structure. In the conclusion, it discusses solutions, used technologies, gained experience and possible ways of next developement of the project.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis focuses on new eCIM web application concept for Market Vision agency. This includes a selection of the most important concept parts and their implementation and testing in a form of a prototype. The first chapter introduces Competitive Intelligence issues and a conception of eCIM web application. Following chapters are focused on new application concept realization, prototype implementation and its testing. Thesis also includes evaluation of the new application concept and a discussion of its benefits for the agency.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to design and implement an interface that would enable to create a configuration for the web extractor, developed by supervisor of this project. Definition of content intended for the extraction is based on CSS3 selectors. They allow to describe non-structured documents with satisfactory universality. The result of this thesis is the extension for Mozilla Firefox web browser, which generates these selectors according to user selection in document and allows to modify them easily.</td>]
[<td>Improving of conditions for independent mobility of eye-handicaped people is
still topical problem. This work deals with designing of user interface, which
helps users to create descriptions of building for NaviTerier. System Naviterier
is navigation for visually impaired people in interiors using a cell phone. Requirements
for buildings structure and application itself are analyzed in first part of
the thesis.
During designing ephasis is placed on simplicity and intuitiveness of user interface.
Few prototypes are designed and then tested. Final project is verified with
users in usability tests. At the conclusion results of testing are evaluated and
direction of further development is recommended.</td>]
[<td>This work works on analyzis of impacts on detection and correction algorithms caused by a presence of various mesh errors. It examines their impacts on each other, masking or creating of new errors during the process as a side effect. At the end it sumarizes the gathered knowledge about the impacts into an optimal order of mesh corrections made on 3D objects.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes creation of the Microstation system add-in tools for transforming 2D drawing to 3D. It compares properties of individual integrated development environments
which are available for developing of Microstation add-in tools.
It analyzes the transformation methods of the variable types of the graphical elements to 3D through the space surface created by the network of triangles. On the basis of this analysis is created the add-in tool and there are described the key procedures, which were used during the implementation. In the end of the work are discussed the experiences gained during programming and testing of the application on a dates.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses methods for changing shape of the course on pictures without knowledge of scene illumination. Program for shape change as first learns original shading from input picture, then made geometric modifications and in the end the shade modified parts. By method described in this thesis is possible to perform deformations responding to original surface which in result creates effect of homogeneous scene. Shading of new geometric parts works best on scenes lit by directional lights when is used simple shade material which contains only diffuse component. Good results were also achieved on more complex scenes. Quality of results primary depends on quality of depth map eventually normal map.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td> The scope of this master thesis is to study predictive image synthesis. Predictive image synthesis is a part of photo-realistic rendering, which is based on using physically exact algorithms for computing global illumination. The prediction of the final images is based on a real world model, thus the results can be objectively evaluated.
 The aim of this work was to extend the previously created 3D model of the MPII building, which consisted of building geometry, approximated materials and measured light characteristics. This static model of the MPII building was parameterized, allowing the following dynamic modifications of the model: i) geometry modifications of movable elements such as doors, windows or window shutters, ii) controlling the lights in the building, iii) modifying the cameras in the virtual scene. Further, a user interface was implemented, which allowed model animations and generation of input data for a physically based rendering algorithm.
 The correctness of the implemented parametric model of the MPII building was verified by creating five reference video sequences of the animated model.
</td>]
[<td>The project of hands sign language vizualization on PDA devices is a part of larger project 3D Mobile Internet by research laboratories RDC on FEL ÈVUT working on mobile communication vizualization. This text contains documentation of creating a plugin for this project, which uses 3D vizualization technology OpenGL to show a model of human arms and in order of text input animate this model to show the text in sign language.
	The text contains basics of sign laguage and theory of rotations in 3D space interpreted by quaternions. There is also complete design of appliacation with flowcharts of its workflow. The taxt also holds documentation of implementation itself in the library environment of Qt technology by Nokia company in programing language C++, including complete UML diagrams with explanation. 
	The result of this project is a plugin ready to use in application based on Qt technology and a testing application which demonstrates this plugin. All these products are included on attached compact disc. The instalation and user guide is part of this text.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focused on development of the website application, which aimed at television shows and teleview. Thesis secondarily aimed at theory of integration third-party services (application interface) to the current implemented website application using XML, XML-RPC, REST and JSON. Beside of analysis those technoligies thesis consist of summary application interfaces (API) of the well-known website services. In more detail focused on following API – Google Maps, Last.fm, Flickr, Facebook and Twitter. Functionally prototype of application is developed by support technologies: database machine MySQL, language PHP (on platform Apache using template system Smarty), HTML5 &amp; CSS3 and script language JavaScript using framework jQuery.</td>]
[<td>This thesis work deals with design and implementation of collision detection system and physical simulation of dynamic phenomena in 3D world. The first goal of this work is to analyze different techniques for collision detection in large scale and complicated scenes and implement one of them. The second goal is to analyze implementations of dynamic phenomena simulation (physical engines) and to connect one of them to scene. Own implementation of physical engine is not a goal. This work includes also a brief overview of actual physical engines. Another purpose of this work is to explore possibilities of using different collision detection systems in the chosen physical engine.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with desigh and implementanion of an light control application
over Art-Net and DMX protocol. Theoretical part deals with rating existing solutions of this
problem. The implementation part deals with design and realisation in Java. In the end of
the task, there is a comparison with existing light controlling programs.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the creation of a universal web portal for small community with a simple content management system that allows residents of the village to get an overview of events in the village (eg, news, official board, etc.). The system also allows use of the life situations of public administration portal and their update.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with methods for rapid and repeated acquisition of HDR (High Dynamic Range) images from multiple images from a LDR (Low Dynamic Range) camera. These methods are implemented in an extensible programming library in C++ for further use. The thesis deals with the calibration of the HDR image (the color calibration using reference color chart with the known color values of the chart patches, calibration of the absolute values of luminance with the light source of known luminance, or with the use of a luminance meter and lens distortion calibration using a calibration grid), and implements it in the library including corrections to achieve calibrated HDR image. Library functions are tested on photographs from a camera with a resolution of 12 megapixels and industrial camera with a resolution of 0.8 megapixels. Methods are compared particularly with regard to speed of processing images in Bayer pattern format and three-component RGB format with the emphasis on total time from acquisition (or reading from a file) to saving the image to a harddrive.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes easy and intuitive creation of real-time generated virtual sound environments using DirectSound and Direct3D interfaces on Windows platform. We present analysis of the mentioned interfaces, basic building blocks of such virtual sound environments using DirectX API and we elaborate on current state of similar tools, usage of such tools for demonstration and interactive performance purposes and possible future improvements to further extend applicability of such a tool.</td>]
[<td>This work discusses an analysis and an implementation of an on-line photo gallery. The approach is to store only small, resized images on servers hard drives and providing visitors with access to original images stored on their authors\\\' PCs. The implementation builds foundation for larger project, that is going to be easy to expand because of its extensible architecture.</td>]
[<td>When working with computer graphics, we can encounter many problems. One of them is the frequent occurrence of erroneous models. This thesis is concerned with errors in models in boundary representation with special emphasis on their detection. A method has been designed which searches and accurately localizes a wide range of error types and assumes their repair by local manipulations directly in initial boundary representation on the model. It is suitable for hand-made models, where should be preserved as much details as possible. With regard to complexity of the method and a possible mutual interconnection of the errors, the procedure of detection and repair is divided into 17 phases, while only a few error types are treated in every phase. The whole method is finally tested on a series of real and synthetic models.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with content management systems. The work describes a project realization of Document management system from vision through analysis and design to implementation of itself using Java Enterprise Edition programming language. Source code is sketched in words and unified modeling language UML.  Thesis also contains the basic principles of system architecture.
	The outcome is a client – server web based application ready to be deployed for further user testing.</td>]
[<td>Subject of this Bachelor Thesis is to explore possibilities of Content Management System Drupal and become familiar with module development techniques for it.
In the scope of the STM study program site support it describes a realization of Single Sign-On functionality for the FELid system. Furthermore it depicts an implementation of a calendar module capable of linking to external sources. Particular attention is given to the use of the KOS API for user’s schedules acquisition purposes.
</td>]
[<td>The result of this work is a web application that facilitates the time scheduling and meetings of various groups of students and educators at CTU. It works with the data that are regularly imported from KOS. It allows to display more schedules in a single graphical summary. The schedules are presented as calendars and lessons as their events. It lets you to create new calendars, import and export calendars in the iCalendar format, and to subscribe to calendars freely available on the Internet. Calendars can be shared by selected users of the system. It is possible to send information about the events directly from the application by email messages.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with designing of the in-door descrypting system user interface. At the begining there are analyzed existing descryption of path for system NaviTerier. After it , there is spliting of orientation points to several categories and descrybing them. 
The main part focuses on user interface and lability testing of proposed design. There are four iterations of usability test and upgrades of proposed design. At the end of this work, there is sugested proceed of system to the future.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on a teaching strategy game for visually impaired design. It distinguishes visual handicaps with relation to a computer usage in a personal life and user interface requirements. It contains a detailed game analysis, its Java language implementation, utilizing AWT, Java Media Framework and XML technologies, including an usability testing with a target group representative and its evaluation with regards to an accessibility issues. Application is designed to cooperate with ZoomText 9.1 screen reader. The empirical Java language applicability for accessible application development judgement represents the main contribution of this work.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and especially implementation of an application interface, which provides access to data in school information system KOS. This data derives through a database export in XML format, which batch loads at set intervals into its own database. The application interface is implemented as a REST-based Web Service. The resulting system is based on Java Enterprise Edition and uses frameworks Spring, Hibernate/JPA and Jersey/JAX-RS.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis of requirements, the recognition of the needs of the users
and a following implementation and testing of the information system for travel agencies.
The first part of the work deals with the analysis of the requirements for the information
system. The second part deals with the analysis of the requirements from potencial customers. The
third part deals with the construction and the implementation of the system. The last part of the
work deals with the testing of the system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of the expansion plugin into the TWiki system. This plugin introduces a format for a list of actions, which are in generation of page transformed into a task list assigned to users. Work is based on an existing plugin to which extends functionality of the desired elements such as the possibility of defining a hierarchy of events, improves user interface for easy manipulation and adds the ability to set user roles for different lists of events.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of a roller coaster editor and simulator. It introduces the way to describe most of existing roller coasters including its shape, special mechanisms (e.g. lift or brake) and appearance. It implements an editor that provides all the tools required to design a roller coaster, which can be previewed in the simulator. The thesis then describes the physical quantities affecting the train\\\'s movement and implements a simplified physical model used in the simulation. The user can experiment with different types of cars and ride his own roller coaster with an on-ride camera. </td>]
[<td>The target of this bachelor work is project, implement and test application Server for collectors of tourist stamps which make filing stamps, writing articles about journeys and communicating between collectors possible to collectors.
Analysis and design of the application will be created according requirements of submitter. Implementation and testing are described after that and there are proposal of improvement of application for a future.
Benefits of this application for collectors are possibility of filing tourist stamps and review of no collected stamps, possibility of sparing experiences from tourist stamps journey with others collectors. Application has also big sense for tourist stamps team for feed-back with collectors and for support of competitivity between collectors.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of the web application used for organising university subjects. Basic functionality is created in accordance to its model - Google Calendar service, which is enhanced with the ability of creating and easy to take in views of all basic event types connected with a semester at the university. This thesis describes a communication with a Google Calendar interface for bidirectional connection and also development of user interface using the Google Web Toolkit technology.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of application that simulates physical environment in CAVE. It introduces the world of virtual reality and shows some problems connected with its usage. It compares the most used physical libraries, scene graphs and slightly deals with Wii Remote controller and some programming languages. The final implementation uses CAVELib library for graphical output transformation and transfer of synchronization information in cluster. The library used for physical computing is Bullet Physics.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this project is to create content management system for community portal, which is able to serve a big amount of requests on server with a small hardware load. System should be able to run multiple instances within one core (on a single physical machine with different configuration files and databases). It is not required to use any proprietal software (like operating system). This project should be modular and safe.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with methods for adaptive web creation. First it describes three chosen
algorithms - Decision Trees, Bayesian network and especially K-means, which was implemented
for the application needs. Adaptation is based on a user model stored in a relational database,
where the model is identified by logging the user in or by a sessionalization process. The aim of
the work was to design and implement in the Java language an application that allows observing
user‘s behavior changes to verify the theoretical part of this bachelor thesis.</td>]
[<td>Shadows play an important role in human perception of the world because
they provide us with the information about relative position of objects and their
size in three dimensional space. Therefore they are indespensable in rendering
realistic images in computer graphics. Precise computation of the shadows in real
time is, however, a very expensive operation. In order to compensate for this,
several alternative approaches were developed at cost of certain reduction of
visual quality.

Among these approaches, the probably most frequently used method is called shadow
mapping. However, its speed and simplicity is paid back by several drawbacks.
Probably the most significant one is dependency on limited image resolution of
graphic cards which causes discretization errors. These errors lead to inaccurate
rendering of the shadow boundaries which is known as aliasing. This paper
presents an algorithm which uses the original shadow mapping method, and by
utilizing the capabilities of modern graphic cards removes the limiting
dependency and renders correct shadows in any resolution.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to evaluate the Silverlight platform in terms of programming, content creation and compare it with other similar platforms in the market. Furthermore, create a web presentation demonstrating the main innovative features of the technology and subsequently testing multi-platform of this solution.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses complete design of web information system for a estate agency
Arkadia reality s.r.o The system is programmed in PHP with using the MySQL relational
database and three-tier MVC architecture. Design diagrams are modeled in UML. The thesis
describes the general system requirements, an analysis of existing solution, an design and
implementation of new application including testing.</td>]
[<td>Present a three dimensional data to the public is a challenging task. This thesis presents pipeline necessary to transform the 3D reconstructions to Google Earth. Processed models are then viewable to anyone who has got Google Earth installed. Functionality is demonstrated
on a detailed 3D model of the Mars surface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design, implement and test the reservation system for car rental company. The system serves as an online inventory of available vehicles and allows booking them over the internet. It also supports multiple types of user accounts to meet specific demands of users and employees of car rental company. 
This paper describes the analysis of the problem, its design and subsequent implementation. It includes final testing of application and suggestions for its possible improvement.  
</td>]
[<td>This work describes analysis, design and implementation plugin into development environment NetBeans. Final module improves work with PHP framework FUSE especially in light of general project use cases and editor for templating system of this framework. This work also tests newly implemented API for framework support and sufficient support from NetBeans IDE.</td>]
[<td>This project is considering of usage of semantic web technologies. The main part of this work solve analysis of social webs, their sorts and their significations. The goal of my work is to propose and  create application social web and test it. This website will support some of the functions typical for social webs. And it can be connected to the other websites. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis provides a theoretical insight into the methodology of today compression algorithms. There are explained principles of human perception, a description of the human eye, principle of color vision, image representation and sampling. It describes the fundamentals of lossless and loss compression algorithms. Principles of loss compression are explained in details. These are divided into a fractal, wavelet, and discrete cosine compression. In addition, there are analyzed both subjective and objective video quality assessment methods.
	The practical part deals with the creation of test files, describing the environment and the observer and the actual testing methods using subjective evaluation of image quality. Furthermore, findings and explanations of test compression methods are better to use.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes use of Dynamips emulator and Dynagen front-end for emulating Cisco routers as a tool for complex education in networking technologies. We present analysis of alternatives, legal aspects of its usage. Then we elaborate on Dynagen\\\'s uncompleted documentation about connecting Dynamips to real equipment, and finally present three solution-oriented guides for lab exercises designed for studying purposes, showing weaknesess and strengths of Dynamips.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design of a visual representation of the elements of the multi-pass rendering. Next, the software for visual creation of effects of the multi-pass rendering is designed and implemented. This software is designed for the simplest and the most illustrative composition of the passes. At the same time, there is possibility to preview the final effect and to generate a simple code. This code can be use as a base for other applications.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis and design of a music ontology and the implementation of a web application enabling users to search for similar musicians through the developed ontology. The thesis first explains the need of the Semantic Web. Then the possibilities and kinds of ontologies are described. Furthermore, the appropriate tools for working with ontologies are considered and state-of-the-art music ontology solutions are mentioned.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to verify a contribution of a processor utilization of common using graphics cards for general mathematical computation. The verification will be tested on computationally intensive task of computer visualization, ray tracing. This method is based on tracing the rays that pass through 3D scene. The ray tracing belongs to important field of computer graphics.

The language Brook was utilised as an instrument of accessing the graphic processor. The Brook is freeware along with translator and run-time library, thanks to the project BrookGPU that is developed by Standford University.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is a development of web application intended as an aid in the process of creation of electronical study materials. One of the most important features is an export of the content into print-suitable format like PDF. Web application also have to represent a community web for control required data for final export.
Besides web application and detail description of used technology for development the thesis contents an analyse and design of application with install and user‘s manual.</td>]
[<td>Topic of this thesis is design and implementation of a system for automation of configuring and launching applications for CAVE projecting system. Firstly is analyzed current state and are discussed possibilites of configuration of various frameworks which can be used to create applications for CAVE. Based on the results of the analysis is designed, implemented and tested a~system which - besides the application control - offers methods for controlling and monitoring cluster nodes.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the work The visualization of naval regatta is studying of existing web applications, which serve for visualization of naval regatta based on maps, containing information about coast and information about the position and movement of the racing vessels. On the basis of experiences gained try to project and implement application consisting of a core, which will preserve the data structure that contain layers of data. The core will display this data on a map base and possibly extrapolate according to the actual movement.</td>]
[<td>This work concentrates primarily on stereoscopy. There is explained the concept itself here as
well as its application and various technologies, which make the spatial experience possible.
Furthemore, it covers the application of newly gained information on existing software, in
order to accomplish the plugin creation. The existing program extensions are analysed and the
reason to create a new module is sustained. Its design, implementation and final software
overview is provided. The output is a plugin, which allows a variety of processes, connected
with the creation of a stereoscopic projection, to be automated.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to analyse, project and create aplication for sales promo- tion of personal electronics via Internet. Primary objective is to provide requierement for multilingual, expandability and utilisation of system for control complaint of products.</td>]
[<td>This paper attends to methods for tone mapping and its usability in interactive applications, which are important to display images with high dynamic range on devices with low dynamic range. For example, a computer monitor or a television. The beginning of the paper occupies by the theory of light perception. Then I introduce four methods for tone mapping. In conclusion I implement these methods and evaluate their suitability in interactive applications. To achieve high performance I implement them on GPU.</td>]
[<td>Physical Exercises is an interactive application with a virtual trainer animations and feedback based on evaluation of user motion gestures sampled by accelerometers. It is mainly designed for the iDTV device and for the seniors as the target group of users. It also provides an interface for alternative methods of interaction. This work deals with a user centered design, implementation in Flash Lite and ActionScript and usability testing of the Physical Exercises application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s project is focused on design and implementation of modules into the already existing content management system, that would cover all needs of Scout\\\'s centres and division onto their web sites.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes design and implementation of a specialized game creation system created
for making computer role-playing games. The main goal is to design an open system capable
of creating a wide range of diversified games.
The text describes overall design of the system, including specific format of configuration and
data files and continues with description of design and implementation of two main parts.
The first one is a game engine, which encapsulates functionality for managing events, behaviour
of monsters, user interface and - most of all - a RPG system, created as a module with
extensive configuration options of chararcter development.
Second part is formed by a set of tools for the game authors.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I have focused my effort to implement a system for primary or secondary school, which could provide a source of information about grades and school events. For the implementation I chose Ruby on Rails technology, which offers very effective way to develop and it should provide a very good basis for possible further development and extension of functionality. The result is a school system that has good qualities to real deployment. This work describes a development of modern applications, functionality of the created sys- tem and a description of the Ruby on Rails technology implementation.</td>]
[<td>The intention of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement application of community server using interactive Google maps technology. The purpose of the system is to enable its users to share their favorite places with others. The theoretical part of the work particularly includes an insight to several commercially successful community portal solutions, custom implementation design and description of used technology.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of the virtual cycle trainer. The project consists of three parts. The first one (hardware) gathers bicycle speed and steering information and regulates feedback (terrain braking effect). The second part deals with filming of stereoscopic movies of bicycle tracks and capture altitude data by GPS receiver. The last part is the implementation of bicycle simulator software. This application displays the track data in reaction of user behaviour, shows statistical figures and control the terain braking system.</td>]
[<td>The point of this work is to create a model of Spinnstube machine, located in VRLAB laboratory at Karlovo Square. I have also created a tutorial, which explains a functionality of Spinnstube and shows how augmented reality works. 

This work explains some methods how to make better impression out of a model, how to use shading methods, how to use colors to add information to your VRML scene and shows, how to keep it well-arranged. I illustrate how to build your scene from extendable and reusable prototypes. 

Big part of this task is based on my previous experience with low-polygon modeling. The main outcome of my work is that it shows simple ways to create complex scenes and provides examples, which practically use theoretical basics in computer graphics.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is dealing with formation of virtual sight-seeing tour of the Vla¹im manor park in VRML and its integration into the website. The text itself is mostly attending to the way of creating simple 3D models, which are optimized and simplified for VRML, and also to the way of creating textures by the help of curves. This thesis is especially focused on optimizing data transfer via net and also optimizing imaging of VRML objects.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the proposal for a multimedia container video sequence to be used in the Genesis project. Multimedia container is used for the video track and audio tracks, which are further supplemented by multilanguage subtitles. For the production of container is created fullscreen players. Furthermore, the implementation part deals with the editor, which is necessary for the creation of the proposed container. Conclusion of the work deals with possibilities of expansion and other utilitation.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor\\\'s thesis is to create a web aplication, which will serve for the presentation and management of football club on internet, where users will be able to find much information about this club.</td>]
[<td>This thesis gives an overview of three-dimensional ultrasonic acquisition in medical imaging. We describe different techniques and devices used to obtain sonographic data. This raw data need to be processed to get spatial information about observed tissue. After a summary of these methods we focus on the most common case: the data comes from one-dimensional sonographic probe and reconstruction of surface or volume information is demanded. Different approaches recently used for final visualization are summarized in the last chapter.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work describes analysis, design and implementation of the web-based system for the evidence of the attendance. Application serves to save human and financial resources for the recording and subsequent evaluation of attendance. The employees identify themselves at the terminal station using their card with the barcode. Logged users can perform in the system only those actions, for which they have assigned right by administrator. Part of this work is also testing the user interface and functionality of the system.</td>]
[<td>This work gives brief introduction to problems of medical image processing using ITK. It shortly describes possibilities of this toolkit and aims at the interconnection with VTK for visualizating the results of image processing and with Qt for creating a graphical user interface. 

The part of work is description of the implementation of demonstrative application, which demonstrates the use of ITK in practice (including interconnections with toolkits for visualization and graphical user interface creation described above) on a few filters. It further provides an interface for segmentation filters created by Milos Doubek for artery tracking.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is a design and implementation of web application of auction portal. The part of this work is analysis and design future possibilities on the extensions of this system which makes the portal more flexible and usefully.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with design and implementation of multimodal games. These games enable seniors to practise cognitive brain functions on interactive digital television platform (iDTV). Follow the digitalization of telecasting in the Czech republic is these platform becoming ordinary part of households mainly as set-top box. The part of this bachelor work is also analysis of senior\\\'s interest in games, what was used in selection of games to implementation.
</td>]
[<td>In today’s computer games, a well-developed story is one of the reasons people buy and play them. There are multiple ways of narrating the story - the storytelling can be put directly into the game moments, there can be in-game sequences revealing the plot, or there can be a pre-rendered movies called Full Motion Video (FMV), which are the subject of this work.
We describe there the whole process of producing an FMV, from the design process (idea generation, writing the script, character and world design, storyboarding) to the technical part (modeling, skinning, animation, rendering); we also add observations about editing (assigning sound to the rendered video, cutting the final video). As there is always more than one way to achieve the required result, we also compare different techniques concerning modeling, rendering and animation in context of creating an appropriate video for a game.
As this work was developed together with creation of two FMV sequences for Project Genesis game, it is possible to see a direct application of most methods described (see the content of the enclosed DVD).
This integrated view on the FMV sequences is, for the time being, very rare - there are many books about game character development or storytelling for games, as well as tutorials covering the subject of modeling and animation; but these are only fragments of the whole production procedure. That is why we would like to offer a study of the complete process, so that anybody interested in the topic can find out how the design process look like and what the individual phases of creation are.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this work was to prepare and implement a system that combines two
dierent services. The rst service is linking system where visitors can view interesting
articles and also for them to vote. Articles are sorted in descending order of their quality.
The second service is a non-standard catalog of links. Individual links are ordered based
on their quality and this may aect the classication of direct visitors system. This
linking system coupled with on-line catalog will consist of the so-called toplist articles
and links. The visitor lists certied and interesting information that it will have benets.
Weblinker next plane is a complete interface for webmasters. These users can add items
(websites or articles) and it is promoted. For this type of users the system will be useful
source of new, targeted visitors. Items will be conrmed and entered into the system to
the location of re-reference to the system weblinker.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the study of the ways of processing multiple sounds in VRML by using JavaScript programming language. The interplay of several sounds simultaneously and playing single tones were implemented to a model of electric guitar created in VRML.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on scripting in computer games. It describes the types of scripted sequences, their advantages, disadvantages, usage and evolution. It contains suggestions of how to create proper sequences, and analyses possibilities of visual
optimization in games.
  It also describes features and history of the Lua language, since it is a language which can be used for creating scripted sequences.
  Last, but not least, it contains a proposition of scripted sequences and scripting functions designed for the Genesis project, as this thesis is a part of it. These functions and sequences were created with the use of Lua, the language detailed in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a design of route recording system for visually impaired people. Requirements of visually impaired people on navigation in real environment are described at the beginning of the thesis. The main part examines methods of creating route descriptions. On their basis was designed a method for route recording. This method is the esence of the application for mobile devices. The implementation part describes a prototype of the application, which was put through usability testing. Results of testing and future recommendations are discussed in the conclusion of the work.   </td>]
[<td>This paper deal with principle of storing and processing multichannel audiovisual data by the help of using batch scripts. New language was created to describe modifications and operations made over input data. The MPEG-4 standart is used for data storing and compression. The solution of this problem was implemented in two programs. First program is able to modify videorecordings according used script and the second program allows users to easily create and modify these scripts.</td>]
[<td>In our work we focus on simulation and visualization of corrosion in PBRT system. PBRT system displays scenes using ray tracing. We create color and bump map for the corroded material. We result from real data and physical phenomena, which we consequently use for computing the corrosion. Progress of corrosion is simplified so the simulation needs only few simple parameters. The corroded surface is computed from them. The corroded surface is then used in a scene and this scene is very similar to real surfaces. We have tried this method on few simple scenes where we tried to achieve the best possible and the most realistic result.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with web application development. This application can facilitate planning of appointments of students and teachers of Faculty of Electrical Engeneering of CTU. User creates groups in application which contain students and teachers which he want to meet. He/she can search members of groups by various parameters. He/she can find out by groups how large part have free time and can watch timetables of individual members or timetable of whole group. Application allows the user to add or delete school subjects and members of groups and to add school subjects from timetable and also own subjects.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the implementation of an improved method of surface reconstruction of
Tube Trees designed by Luboz et al. into a Peter Felkel\\\'s program and with the comparison of these
two methods from the point of view of the quality of generated branches. At the beginning of the
thesis both of these methods are described. Then the differences between the methods in theoretical
level and also some proposals of implementation of these differences are shown. At first there is a
description of methods which couldn’t have been used and with a reason why they couldn’t have been
used. Then there is a theoretical description of the applied method. The topics of the following Chapter
are the implementation itself of the formerly decsribed method and tests of this implementation, too.
The Chapter 3 deals with the comparison of these methods - by using TEST Generator primarily,
whose description is also included in this Chapter. Further test on real data were carried out and at the
end of this Chapter there are some results.</td>]
[<td>In the thesis I deal with development of components for a web-based education support system. The system is intended especially for courses taught at FEE CTU. Many systems that co-exist at the faculty currently have several drawbacks that are addresses in the thesis. Firstly, the thesis focuses on design and implementation of WCAG 2.0 interface which prevents users from confusion and enables them to use it productively. Secondly, extension for course management are provided based on XML export from KOS (information system used at CTU). Lastly, extensions for course data import and export are provided to ease import of subjects that use DokuWiki currently and allow export of outstanding student\\\'s essays to e.g. DokuWiki.

Keywords: learning management system, XWiki, Java</td>]
[<td>Goal of this project was to choose a suitable software platform for blind or heavily visually
impaired users, which allows them to manipulate 2D piece of graphic work in mobile environment.
A prototype of an application implemented on the selected platform allows users to explore and
manipulate segments of a picture in entertaining way, similarly to jigsaw puzzle games. The
application was designed to provide description of segments efficiently and their intuitive
manipulation, making it possible to put that image together according to physical model. The other
goal was to gather information useful for further development of applications for visually impaired
users.</td>]
[<td>In most current computer games we can see atmospheric phenomena like fog, snow or rain. Thanks to these the games can offer a more visually realistic environment.
This bachelor thesis deals with different methods of realistic rendering of rain and subsequent design and implementation of one of then, namely a method using particle systems and static textures also based on physical laws.
The result is an application which simulates and renders scenes with rain in real time. A part of this application is a simple user interface, enabling the user to change and tweak individual simulation parameters like, for example, the number and size of raindrops.</td>]
[<td>This work includes theoretical and practical view of a methodology of testing the present video codecs. It is also associated with the recherche work aimed to a digital video technology in connection with a platforms of Microsoft Windows and Linux. This work is aimed to a process of digital video coding and it is based on the results of selected parameters, which are the most important for a common user, who faces to setting of the video codecs.

The single chapters of this work include the important aspects of this topic consequently. A history of film and television is explained there, including an influence to digital video. In detail this work is devoted to coding and a methodology of digital video processing. In addition, a principle of human visual perception is described as a key effect of the digital video compression process.

In addition, this work is aimed to a proposal of subjective quality testing. This part of the work includes a detailed analysis of standardized methodology, including a modification required for a purpose and scope of this work. It is followed by an evaluation of a set of tests given in tables and conclusions. Subjective testing is followed by an analysis of possibilities of objective testing. The work summarizes the present knowledge, it evaluates its contributions, including their potential of future usage or development. Final annex explains by an intuitive way the problems of digital video problems for a common user.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis is a study of possibilities today’s web albums and also an implementation of application, which makes it possible to create these web albums. The application allows users to upload their pictures into albums and share them simply with other users. During the implementation was placed emphasis on simplicity of the application control and possibility to upload photos without registration on the website. Next to full control of picture albums the application allows easy communication with other users and enables to create friendship in order to accessing private photos.</td>]
[<td>Web development has made a great progress in multimedia integration in last ten years. Internet browsers are now able to support audio or video content. It\\\'s not surprising, that some developers concentrate on the topic of the movie editing application embedded directly
on a site. The goal of this bachelor work is study common video cutting techniques. User interface will be designed on the base of studies. The interconnection with the server platform will provide a functional device for online video editing. Easy control and rich toolbar are balanced with concentration on the possible lowest data transfer. In this work there are used methods which are availed during application progress such as low-delity prototyping, component diagrams, technology research and usability testing. Functional prototype of this web is presented on university sub domain site and also on attached CD. At the end of work there are some recommendations for further development in online multimedia support.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to analyse, design and implement the presentation tier of desktop and web user interface of information system supporting and optimize a maximum of business processes related to a theatre. The work describes different implementation techniques including implementation supported by frameworks. Implementation uses the Java programming language, concretely the Java Enterprise Edition, and for graphic user interface is used the Swing library respectively the Spring WebMVC for desktop respectively web version.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I tried to analyse students\\\' claims on education support on-line and in consideration of this I tried to design and implement students\\\' portal. Application is based on open source solution called Liferay Portal. Result of this thesis is a prototype of Students\\\' portal application, which has a perspective of further development and real deployment.
This thesis describes entire development process starting by selection of the right open source solution, which is a basement for result application, Liferay Portal recherche and process if its extension.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement an application capable of sending power consumption data securely in encrypted form. The data is measured, organized and gathered by an industrial supervision and control system. The application is routinely executed to send the data to the electricity market operator via email. Confidentiality and integrity of the measured data is provided by the use of encryption and digital signatures in the email. The application can use hardware based cryptographic tokens for these purposes. There is also built-in support of SSH tunneling and SSL authentication with mail servers. These features add additional layers of security for the network traffic in an insecure environment. The application is configured in detail via a graphical user interface. Since some of the configuration data is sensitive – namely usernames, passwords and PINs, it is stored exclusively in encrypted form on the user’s hard disk drive. The application itself is stand-alone and can be used to send any kind of data securely to virtually anyone, provided it is configured accordingly.</td>]
[<td>The work is focused on available content management systems and its comparison. The result of the work is design and implementation of self-created system suitable for use in corporate sphere, including implementation description and future vision. It also describes selection of suitable framework.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is an implementation of the server part of an internet based non-linear video editor. The main goal was to produce a fully-functional application, that would include standard tools for video, image and audio editing. Based on this goal, that was successfully reached, there are several enhancing options discussed in the work. Upon these options another thesis can be made.
The program itself is designed to provide application interface for various types of client applications in aim to serve as the nal render of user cuts and effects on uploaded user multimedia.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is partial insight into an internet marketing and implementation of auction application for internet ads. This software enables users to buy or sell ad space on their web pages. Users can close deals by means of auction or by fixed price sale. The first part contains main types of on-line ads and the most significant ad companies in the Czech market. Thesis also includes a search engine optimization and defines some key terms. The second part of the thesis describes implementation of the application using PHP technology. Implementation part includes early analysis and selection of the appropriate framework. The most attention is paid to the chosen framework Nette and its architecture.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to design and implement a module to manage, control and navigate agents for an application to simulate a public transport system in a virtual city. The content of this thesis constitutes primarily of analysing and resolving the algorithmic aspects of these problems. Special emphasis is placed on the problem of efficient and robust navigation of a passenger through a public transport system, with further possible applications.</td>]
[<td>Design and deploy a web application - e-commerce, in which it will be possible to buy individual pieces of clothing, including accessories. The user will be able to purchase without registration or with registration. Each piece of clothing will have its own page and a preview. Preview will be represented using VRML 3D graphics. The user will be able to combine individual pieces of clothing (pants, belt, t-shirt ...) and combine them into one view. Individual pieces of clothing, will change their color or theme. Suggest and describe the different types of 3D models so that the system open for extension to other pieces of clothing.</td>]
[<td>The object of this work is the analysis of the most important Google products and their application in company environment. All mentioned procedures are the results of practical application in the process of creating a fictional company Aknela.com. Obtained data about advantages, disadvantages, limitations and malfunction hazards have been written up in appropriate sections. The goal of this project is to offer a summary for users considering a switch-over to online environment, or to offer instructions on how to use these services more effectively.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis was initiated by the Laboratory of Photogrammetry (Faculty of Civil Engineering, CTU). Usual outputs of its activity are 3D models. The task was to design and implement a functional system, which could make these models accessible via internet and provide users the basic possibilities to inspect those models. Thesis describes the selection of the suitable technology for presentation of 3D scenes in the WWW environment, the design of the proper user interface and main steps in realisation process. Fully functional system was then tested with a sample of typical users. The tests did not discover any crucial problems and for some less important problems the solution was suggested.</td>]
[<td>This BA thesis deals with the draft and realization of a simple web portal targeted with its content at senior citizens. The portal serves the purpose of a common presentation website with a photo gallery, as well as a simple discussion forum. In the course of the development of the portal, a user interface has been created and tested. The goal of the user interface was the maximum possible accessibility and usability for senior citizens.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the concept of a web community and the tools that are used to create such communities. The first part of this work contains description of the most available tools. In the second part, a few tools are selected and implemented in a particular web portal. The architecture and implementation details are also described in this work. The next part of the work considers testing and measuring ROI of implemented solutions.
The result of this work is web portal with integrated tools for development and  maintenance of a web community.</td>]
[<td>This text describes the development of a web application called Talking Head Scenario. It is an application which aims to provide developers with an easy-to-use tool for working with ECAF programming language. The program works with a timeline and can be used to create, edit and save scenarios for the multimodal Talking Head interface. The application is implemented using Adobe Flex framework, whose technical capabilities are described and compared to other RIAs. The final part escribes usability testing, which checks the overall quality and arrangement of the interface.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a safety expansion of the IP protocol called IPsec and a related protocol IKE (Internet Key Exchange). In the first part, it informs the reader of the basics of these protocols and with the state of their implementations for Linux. In the second part, the work aims at creating an implementation of a graphic user interface serving to facilitate their settings and subsequent maintenance.
</td>]
[<td>In the thesis I deal with development of an authentication back-end and a schedule import for
a web-based education support system. The system is intended especially for courses taught at FEE
CTU. Many systems that co-exist at the faculty have one major drawback currently which is an
implementation of their own authentication back-end. It results in confusion of users because of
inconsistencies in user accounts for different systems. Main task is to analyze, design and
implement authentication extension of XWiki using Shibboleth, a standard single sign-on
technology for web applications which is currently deployed FEE CTU. Another objective is to
design and implement a mechanism for schedule import from the study information system of the
university and create appropriate ACL rule-sets.</td>]
[<td>Raytracing is today the most important rendering algorithm. Despite the years of research, it is still highly time-consuming and unfeasible for realtime applications.
This thesis examines the effectivity of different implementations of acceleration structure modularity in a C++ ray tracer. We split the acceleration structure into 3 parts: data storage, build, and intersection. These parts have to be linked together in a way that allows easy change of any of them. We have implemented this by two instruments: by object-oriented programming (virtual calls) and by generic programming (templates).
After that, we made several configurations combining both approaches, and tested their performance on six standardised scenes. These tests were made for both implemented acceleration structures: uniform grid and BVH.  We showed that the performance impact of virtual calls is non-negligible and, therefore, we should carefully consider using them if there exist workarounds.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis is dealing partly with the design and mostly with implementation of a web system for project management in organizations. Application allows the users of the system to create their project, with description and a group of employees, they will attend on that project.
In the project it is possible then to insert so called to-dos and milestones, which are a group of tasks, with and without the term of completation. The tasks with term of completation are shown in the calendar. The user with bigger authorization is than capable of adding new users to the system, add them to several project, create and delete projects, users and tasks added by another users.
The system is inspired by a similar, commercial system for project management called Basecamp from 37signals.
</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to design and implement an application used by beginner pianists to play songs using an electronic keyboard connected to the computer via a Musical Instrument Digital Interface (MIDI). The program can serve as an educational tool as well as a means of entertainment for people who have already mastered playing the piano, due to its style differing from standard musical notation by the way it symbolizes the tones which are being played. An educational element is represented by the set of editable lessons containing individual instructions and references to particular songs in Standard MIDI File Format. Each session may focus on a specific piano playing problem and while the song is practised an evaluation is provided. </td>]
[<td>This bachelorthesis analyzes algorithms for finding closest path in weighted graphs, as well as other graph algorithms. Based on this analysis is made design of editor and implementation of graphics editor, capable of creating graphs and simulating these algorithms. The algorithm analysis and design of editor is topic for the first part of thesis. Second part focuses on implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses primarily on software for graphics editing. Raster graphic is represented by Gimp and Adobe Photoshop editors, and as for vector graphics, Inkscape, Corel and Adobe Illustrator programs are described. The first part of this work describes general information on these editors, applications of graphic user interface, color spaces and format of files.
Further in this work, more attention is paid to the description of instruments used in the vari-ous editors, description of functions and special effects. This work also devotes to possibilities of scripting and various scripting languages.
In the conclusion, differences between compared editors are summarized. Practical examples of the differences in graphics editing, and some script samples are presented as annexes in this work.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes a computer graphics and especially the two-dimensional graphics. Subsequently, this thesis focuses on software for editing of this graphics.
The first part introduces the basics of the work of computer graphics with an emphasis on general acquaint with this technique. In this bachelor thesis are explained notions needed to work with graphics, such as color perception, colors composition , color space, and own branching of Computer Graphics. Another part is focused on graphical editors. Great attention is paid to the description of tools, special features and highlighting the differences in work with different editors. Further, work sketch possibilities of scripting of described software. Finally, this thesis included demonstration of practical work in various programs and analyses of results of these demonstration works.</td>]
[<td>The content of this bachelor thesis is get information about reservation services on internet and use them for developing a unviversal reservation system.
Output of this project is the product which is ready to use in sport centres, medical clinics, restaurants, services, hairdresser\\\'s etc. The system is made as a modul for CMS Drupal version 5.0.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement functional prototype of application
for viewing photos in digital television. The specific requirement is placed on ease of use in
relation to the target group of users.
Another large part of this work is testing the application using the usability tests, which also
examine the appropriateness of using the remote control and driver with gyroscope.</td>]
[<td>   The objective of this bachelor thesis is familiarization with either EJB 3.0 or Spring technology and other suitable technology for presentation layer. Also to implement a resource planning tool flowing from term work Y16PRO by the help of these technologies.
   The content of this work is theoretical familiarization with selected technologies, a description of own solution using these technologies and finally familiarization with created web application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of bachelor\\\'s work is to summarize available application for presentation work of art on the Internet and design application in which users without knowledge of HTML code will be able to create their own web presentation. It is necessary to use modern technologies Web 2.0, which will attract visitors. Application would be used by artists, who want to present themselfs or their work of art, communicate or compete with other artists on the Internet.</td>]
[<td>The main task of this work was to design and implement a visual editor of UIProtocol language which can be used in practice because there is no such editor. This document covers all phases of development of user interface and supportive data structures of a visual editor for UIProtocol. The individual phases are covered by Model Editor and Interface Editor.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on the analysis and implementation of graphic user interface of dynamic information system. The thesis deals with the selection of a suitable Framework which would meet the requirements of creating a modern RIA web application. The resulting system enables easier possibility to create an information system which follows customer´s needs. The system is not concretely defined for a specific branch or business but can be applicable in many different areas of use. In our thesis we mainly concentrate on the most simple spread of the system into the practice by simplifying the systems by particular attributes or whole modules.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes design and implementation of a system controlled by a voice, that will extend current i2home project. Application that allows adding and removing a device from a system is a part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes design and implementation of a system controlled by a sound, that will extend current i2home project. Application that allows adding and removing a device from a system is a part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis is focused on the development of a system applicable for creation of
a microcommunity website designed for presentation of visual arts and literary works. The
core part of this thesis describing the whole execution of this system is preceded by a brief
introduction explaining the community and community websites, together with researches of
several systems applicable for creating community websites. Next chapters provide a design
of the own original system followed by its implementation and testing procedure, comprising
the methods and results of testing.</td>]
[<td>This report documents a proposal and realisation of a program for visualisation of data collected from an experiment of Experimental Geotechnique Centre. The types of detectors used, the principles of their function and their signicance for the experiment are described
briey. Furthermore, technologies which allow 3-D visualisation are compared. A proposalof a particular program, its implementation and attached documents are also a part of this
report.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design of navigation system for visually impaired people in the interior using a mobile phone and QR codes, which is used for determining the position of the user. At the beginning of the work there is described layout of user interface of the application for the visually impaired people. Next part of the work deals with way of storing the scheme of buildings to the file and the design of the application. Further there are described tests with users. At the end of the work there are described the possible improvements and expansion of the system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyses ways and means of web content management, 3D virtual world creation and technology for interactive applications which are published on the web. After choosing right platforms it describes principles of CMS Drupal template creation and making 3D world using VRML language. Last implementing chapter deal drawing and scripting interactive Adobe Flash applications. Validity and accessibility testing of the template, short test of VRML players and usability test of Flash animations follow that. Results of work and its future are at the end of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>Behind the wonderful graphics, animations and storytelling of today’s games, there lies
the powerful game engine, which is the key to the ultimate game experience. The game
engine, which can be described as an optimized graphic application which is able to change
the input data into operational scenes, is the subject of this work.
In the first part, the synopsis of the game technologies development in recent years is
discussed; the profesional ones will be studied and described minutely. Second chapter is
dedicated to selected graphic effects which are going to be implemented in the final product.
The thesis specification was extended with a part treating the subject of team leading and
game design. The rest of the work is dedicated to design and implementation of the respective
game engine and related applications.
The work doesn’t treat the details of the implementation process, but concentrates
on the main thoughts and problems encountered during the work process. Besides the
resulting application, it is possible to find, on the cd enclosed, even the prototypes that
originated during the process of implementation and are used to test selected parts of the
final application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to analyse, project and create aplication for sales promotion
of personal electronics via Internet. Primary objective is to satisfy the requirement for
multilinguality, expandability and utilisation of system of warranty control.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with available tools for student testing and their properties. Based on sample tests, these tools are evaluated, their options, utilization and functionality analyzed. After the comparision with entrance requirements the final system will be selected. This selected system will be described in detail and the sample set of questions will evaluate its usability, pros and cons.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with point-based rendering. The author proposes a system for realtime visualisation of massive 3D models origin of scanning or photometric reconstruction and focuses on GPU acceleration, especially in the Geometry Shader. 
This study also includes an experimental prototype to verify the accuracy of the proposed system.
</td>]
[<td>The theoretical part of this work deals with analyzing the needs of visually impaired users, existing satellite navigation systems with a focus on GPS and its potential application. It is also dedicated to the history and the basics of programming in the Symbian operating system. The practical part deals with design of a prototype of user interface for testing the navigation of visually impaired users. Design of user interface is followed by a description of the implementation of applications. Conclusion of work contains preparation of usability test, results of tests with visually impaired users and the analysis of results with further opportunities for developing the application.</td>]
[<td>As the physical machines reach their actual performance limits in sequential computations,
software improvement in parallel computing is highly required. To adapt the actual trend of
distributing computations safely, we should use design patterns best fitting our computing
problems. In this work, we introduce several asynchronous computation-based design pat-
terns capable of failure prevention, detection, and recovery. One of those design patterns is
tested and evaluated in CAMNEP system.
</td>]
[<td>People suffering from dementia, cognitive dysfunctions, memory, time and space orientation dysfunctions, are in most cases condemned to life under non-stopping supervision of family members or other caretakers. These dysfunctions are mostly caused by the Alzheimer decease and number of patients suffering from it rises continually. In today’s time of smartphones with advanced operating systems and very wide functionality, it is impossible for these people to learn how to correctly and efficiently use these phones. The main aim was to design GUI that is user friendly	 and simple to use by patients suffering from dysfunctions of cognitive brain functions. Furthermore, the goal of this project was to design and implement a web application for remote maintenance of contact and reminder databasase of the GUI. The application was tested on a selected group of people with age over 75 years and a selected group of people aging from 20 years to 30 years.
Beside basic cell phone functions (phone calls, short message system) a reminders system was implemented. The Reminder system alerts the user every day at the same time to use his medicaments or of any other user-defined event. GUI design was to be simple and intuitive. Contact list was designed to work based on a picture of contacts rather than names in text form. For enhanced functionality, a web application for remote maintenance of contact and reminder databases was designed. This application serves for synchronization between GUI’s and web databases over the HTTP protocol, after successful login of a caretaker.	
</td>]
[<td>Bachelor\\\'s thesis sums up currently used methods for the intelligibility measurement. It introduces objective and subjective testing approach to the reader. It describes factors affecting intelligibility. Thesis also takes into account methods for speech quality measurement (PESQ, POLQA, ANIQUE) and their usefulness for intelligibility. The work shows advantages and disadvantages of the used methods, mostly their accuracy,diffuculty and usefulness in practice. The findings about intelligibility are sumed up in
the conclusion as well as a proposal of MRT test as a preparation for Diploma.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on generation of time in Linux operating system, using standard personal computer and DAQ card. There are theoretical information abou RT_PATCH and Xenomai extensions in the text.
Both were tested for time generation and reviewed. System and interrupt latency were tested too.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to design and
develop an innovative smartphone application
for in-car use with minimized cognitive
load. The application is supposed
to be connected to the vehicle’s control
unit, diplay and store the driving data.
Next goal is to design a way, how the
driving data are stored on a cloud and
implement the example. The final goal
is to evaluate the smartphone application
using a suitable environment.
Keywords: Android, Java, OBD,
GUI, car, LCT, A/B testing, usability
testing</td>]
[<td>The mutual exclusion (mutex) state invariants are defined in a context of STRIPS planning as sets of facts from which maximally one can be true in any state reachable from the initial state. In this work, we introduce two new types of mutex invariants along with a detailed description of their structure and their relation to a general mutex invariant. Moreover, we provide a complexity analysis of decision problems that correspond to inference of different types of mutex invariants. Finally, three novel algorithms for inference of mutex invariants are described and experimentally compared with two different state-of-the-art algorithms.</td>]
[<td>This thesis formalizes the Stackelberg extensive form correlated equilibrium (SEFCE) with multiple followers for extensive games with perfect recall. In this scenario, the leader commits to a strategy that is observed by the followers that play a best response. Moreover, he is able to coordinate the course of the game through a series of moves recommended to the players. Each move is revealed to a follower when he reaches the information set where he can take that move. The thesis shows that in multi-player extensive games with perfect recall, the linear program describing SEFCE has polynomial number of constraints, but number of variables is exponential. Moreover, it proves that unless P = NP, the equilibrium can never be found  in polynomial time in games with more than three players, or if the game contains chance nodes. The algorithm computing SEFCE was implemented and evaluated on randomly generated games. The experimental results show that the computation time grows exponentially in a size of a game tree.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this bachelor thesis is design of suitable protocol to discuss on the internet. Protocol arises as a completely new and independent project and is intended to be further extended. Emphasis is placed especially on distribution and decentralization of connecting points and storages of discussion contributions.
Design and implementation of a server prototype using this communication protocol is included in this work. Implementation is done in the Python programming language.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this bachelor thesis is design of suitable protocol to discuss on the internet. Protocol arises as a completely new and independent project and is intended to be further extended. Emphasis is placed especially on distribution and decentralization of connecting points and storages of discussion contributions.
Design and implementation of a client prototype using this communication protocol is included in this work. Implementation is done in the Python programming language.</td>]
[<td>The target of this project is to look into the problematic of length retargeting of music when there is not change in the tempo and the height of tones. Another target is to identify the    parameters which have influence on the process. After that the final task is to make the user study. This problematic is large and it is not easy to describe the definitive solution. However, I have used for the work an article that was given to me and also some algorithms, for       example modified algorithm for searching a way and MFCC. The created solution provides prolongation or shortening music on size which are required. The suitable setting is found from the result of the user study.</td>]
[<td>   This thesis describes implementation of an application for scene text recognition. That is a more complex task than text recognition in printed documents. The application is designed for mobile phones, thus allocation of resources is taken into special consideration.
   
   Possible use of such application is assitence for visualy impaired, or machine translation of the recognized text.
   
   At first, the algorithm for extracting text from image is described. This approach is implemented as a library that processes its tasks in parallel. On top of it an Android application is built.
   
   The conclusion is, the application is not 100 % successful, which is determined by the task's complexity. The result is compared to existing state-of-the-art applications for mobile phone scene text recognition.</td>]
[<td>These days delivery companies try to deliver a consignment to a customer as soon as
possible. They focus especially on a same day delivery and immediate delivery service,
therefore dynamic vehicle problem (D-VRP) begins to be a part of logistics planning systems.

This thesis presents the existing variants of D-VRP including solution methods. The
variant studied by this work involves heterogeneous fleet, limited capacity, time windows,
arbitrary pickup and delivery location without a necessity of visiting depot in a dynamic
environment. The dynamic environment is defined by time dependent traffic model and
consignment's generation in the real time.

The problem is formalized as an optimization task. A multi-agent system including
planning algorithm was designed as a solution to assign new consignments to couriers.

The proposed model is transformed into a multi-agent simulation and evaluated on the
real data. The evaluation results show that the multi-agent system is able to serve to human
dispatchers as the real support system. The measured rate of reasonable assignment of
consignment is up to 96%.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to create a prototype of system that allows creating and
sharing requirements for the developmentof any software. The system consist of the
server application with graphical interface. The main contribution of the thesis is to
design a web application that allows users to create and share not only the requirements
for software projects.</td>]
[<td>Main purpose of this thesis is description of fluid simulation solvers including implementation of one of these solutions called Smoothed particles hydrodynamics. This application is implemented for both CPU and GPU to show their differences and possibilities of GPU for scientific simulations.</td>]
[<td>The work analyses present state of RFID technology and embedded systems.  Using minicomputer Raspberry Pi and Metra Blansko components there is set up RFID system to identify movement of persons or goods. Practical part of is concentrated on embedded system Raspberry Pi programming, which identifies the movement of RFID tag from one zone to another. This movement is further reported by sending email or SMS mobile phone message. There is effected the measurement confirming the functionality and there is also designed the optimal placement of hardware components.  </td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with analysis, proposal and implementation of information system for controll and management of business process.</td>]
[<td>Project Database Migration attempts to enrich the process of automatic database migration in a revolutionary way. Our goal is to change the database schema corresponding with the changes made in the application object model without any data loss. My role in the project focuses mainly on expanding the existing formal meta-model of the application by elements which represent behavior of class, i.e. methods and expressions. Furthermore, my work consists of defining the transformation rules which these new meta-model elements can change during the evolution of the application. Thanks to this extension, it will be possible to create quite complex transformations in a single instrument.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to learn about principles of thermonuclear fusion, nuclear data and their use in numerical simulations of fusion plasma. Thesis explain what thermonuclear fusion is, how is it implemented, its advantages and current approaches to it. Next part learns of thesis  about theoretical bases, which describing these reactions, namely kinematics of fusion binary system, total cross-section and differential cross-section. Next part is about nuclear data, there is a summary of sources, types and formats of nuclear data and the recommendation, which formats can be used in simulations  the Department of Physics CTU FEL in Prague. The main part of this thesis describes ENDF format, which is specifically used for numerical simulations of fusion plasma. This format is described in-depth. There is explained how it calculates specific values of cross-sections from these data, too. </td>]
[<td>Natural language interfaces to databases (NLIDB) are systems that are able to translate natural language queries supplied by users into formal database queries in order to retrieve the requested information from a database.

This thesis explores the possibility to use the RESTful Web services as the underlying knowledge base for a NLIDB system instead of prevalent relational databases.
It follows the design and implementation of NaLIDa, a NLIDB that provides an interface to the university information system via intermediate RESTful API service called KOSapi.

The system annotates the natural language input with the help of Standford CoreNLP toolkit and uses the annotations to generate and filter semantic interpretation hypotheses. After a disambiguation, the interpretation is mapped to entities in a graph representation of the underlying database and the shortest path search algorithm finds an optimal join path connecting these entities. In the end, the path is transformed into a sequence of requests to the API.

The experiments performed on the data collected from members of the target audience show that for the valid inputs, the systems exhibits
precision 96.8 %, recall 85.9 %, willingness 88.7 % and average response time 1.6 s. These results are considered satisfactory in the comparison with those reported by other systems, but the experiments also revealed opportunities for prospective accuracy improvements and extensions of the valid input range.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is concerned with the creation of biofeedback games for therapy purposes. The games are built on top of an existing software project developed for the purposes of Neurofeedback created by BioDat Group. The games present clear visual and audio stimuli to the user. This thesis describes the theoretical research behind neurofeedback therapy as well as a description of the created games and their implementation.</td>]
[<td>This masters thesis deals with the problem of secure access to the Linux/Unix servers via SSH. Problem of creating accounts and enable their security is common to every institution that owns a large number of these machines. Most of the applications run at this type of servers and the administrators access to the most of the servers using SSH, institutions must allow access to the all of the servers without compromising security. The beginning of the thesis deals with existing products and attemps to map out their advantages and disadvantages. The analytical part deals with the design of my own solution. In the implementation section I describe the creation of a </td>]
[<td>SocioCars is a social network for motorists, which allows its users to share their driving experience with other users. Apart from sharing common text messages, it also allows to view a map with recorded routes and work with these routes. The subject of this thesis is to continue developing the prototype of application SocioCars. This will be done mainly by adding new features for working with recorded routes. These features will include comparing users’ routes, obtaining information on the progress of these routes and sharing them with other users. Furthermore, adding the option to assign friends into groups and share comments only in these groups, and the ability to share and borrow vehicles among users. Finally, the aim of this work is to also correct errors in existing prototype and its user interface.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the creation of an effective android
framework that will allow a developer to create android applications
very easily in a short period of time with aspect approach. Through the solving of the given task the Java language was used with the IDE eclipse and with the Android SDK on operation system Windows 7. The solution was designed which enable to deal with separated aspects like security, layout, input validation, data binding and presentation independently. The specified solution was compared with
conventional approach of developing mobile applications and also with
framework Aspect Faces that is also using aspect oriented approach but it is designed for Java EE applications. Each aspect of framework was tested and it was proven that framework is effective in the following domains: it is not slowing down the application that is using designed framework but it is even faster, clear the code to be
more readable, it is making develop faster and lower the number of code lines that developper has to write down.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was creating a Hitachi Primaide chromatograph driver for Clarity application. The work includes Clarity and Clarity SDK description, Hitachi Chromaster and Hitachi Primaide chromatograph control comparison, Hitachi Primaide driver implementation and functional comparison of both drivers on their respective units. Hitachi Primaide driver was developed in C++ programming language using WinAPI, MFC and Clarity SDK as project in Visual Studio 2010 IDE with the help of Plastic SCM version control tool, the result is dynamically linked library, which can be registered in Windows and used in Clarity application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces and compares techniques for automatic graphic user interface generation and actively developed tools for the Java EE platform which implement them. Comparison is made on practical usability and focuses primarily on the tools AspectFaces and Metawidget. One of the comparison criterion is, due to a rising number of users and platforms using web applications, the ability of the tool to make advanced adaptations to the generated user interface. Tools AspectFaces and Metawidget are presented on a real application.</td>]
[<td>Botnets represent a form of malware that uses Command and Control channel for command distribution, binary updates and other communication. A botnet consists of infected computers called bots and an attacker controlling them called botmaster. Attackers leverage the computing power of hundreds of thousands of infected hosts to perform for example DDoS attacks or spamming. At the same time, they are resilient to detection, as their bot army might be spread across many countries and they often use proxy. This thesis aims at mapping the botnet taxonomy, advantages and disadvantages of various kinds of Command and Control channels and typical uses of botnets. To demonstrate the principle of Command and Control channels, this thesis covers the simulation of two most common botnet communication channels for the purposes of observation of network behavior.</td>]
[<td> The aim of this bachelor thesis is to prepare a restaurant system CashBob for the real application.
  To specify basic and necessary functions for this purpose and make the whole system ready for setting into action. 
  The thesis also contains the transition to the interface REST, the modification of roles, rights and their application, including the security of server against the unauthorized access. 
  An integral part is also the application of the system in continuous integration and optimization of team development.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the design and implementation of an application system for automated testing of Cisco IP Phones applications. This thesis follows the  bachelor thesis named </td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to analyze, implement, deploy and test a service that will allow animal breeders publish content on the Internet.

The analysis shows that breeders excel at creating remarkable content but they miss a basic knowledge about the suitable form for it. The content they create is usually unlogically organized which makes it hard for a visitor to consume. In the end the breeders unknowingly harm their business by not being able to display their content in visually appealing and understandable way on the Internet.

The service that has been developed allows the breeders to publish various, breeding-specific content, but aims to keep the user interface simple and friendly at the same time.</td>]
[<td>This thesis explores the issue of measuring pedagogic performance. The outcome is a deployed application written in Java. The application collects data from KOS, by means of several data exports and from a restful service KOSapi. The data is used for calculation of pedagogic performance for individuals and also for calculating teaching effectiveness.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of two mobile clients for cloud storage MS Box, which is developed by students within bachelor's and master's thesis. Target platforms are Android and Windows Store. SOAP protocol is used for communication with server. Important part is user interface design, which has to follow the destination platform guidelines.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to analyze, design and partially implement web application for home tutoring support with the use of modern open source technologies.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, the model of an electrostatic actuator is described, implemented and simulated. The model takes into account the interaction between the electrostatic field and mechanical structures of the actuator. It is a distributed parameters model; and is solved by the finite element method. The simulation results are compared with analytical models. 

The result of this work is a Java application that simulates the behavior of the electrostatic actuator. The input parameters, e.g. shape and dimensions of mechanical structures, electric potential, etc. are read from input files.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my bachelor thesis was to create a mobile application connecting applications running on Android platform with social network Facebook and use it for Diabetes Mellitus compensation. The application is designed to be used as a framework. This allows the application to be used to compensate diabetes. This thesis introduces reader to the issues of Diabetes Mellitus and describes realization of the designed application. I verified the validity of the application by continuous testing.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a problem of navigation for people in wheelchair using available map data and crowdsourcing. It describes typical difficulties of wheelchair users during the transportation and compares current projects for wheelchair users. It analyses parameterization of the navigation and suggests an algorithm for finding the optimal path. Author provides an implementation of such navigation system using cloud technologies and mobile devices. Prototype for mobile phone is tested with end users.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is the analysis, design, implementation and testing of a mobile application which will be part of a social network for motorists, the Sociocars. 
 The goal is to create a mobile application for the Android operating system, which will allow recording routes and will be capable of communicating with the engine control unit and communicate with the Sociocars server.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis is dedicated to the combination of the planning and the project scheduling within one hierarchical structure. First, the thesis includes a broad overview of the related literature. Then, we present an innovative hierarchical problem which allows modelling of many optimisation problems that combine planning and scheduling. The problem consists of an objective function, a set of projects and a set of resources, where both of them are grouped into hierarchical structures. The goal is to find an assignment of multiple projects to available resources such that a value of the objective function is minimised. Next, we propose a new heuristic algorithm for the considered problem. Then, the whole algorithm with its two layers, called the higher level and the lower level, and the respective communication between is described in depth. Finally, the extensive computational experiments performed with our implementation of the algorithm in C# programming language shown that the algorithm can efficiently solve very large problem instances.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the development of the Scenario designer: a software tool developed within the European project ARUM. 

The tool aims to provide a graphical user interface that allows its user to set up, visualize and monitor ramp-up productions.
The thesis contains the functional requirements analysis, architecture, design and the partial implementation of the Scenario designer(SD) graphical interface. The SD has been developed as a part of the Factory network\Scenario designer tool (FNSD).Effort was made to follow user-centered design processes during the development of both tools and a sub-set of the FNSD interface design was tested with end users. The obtained feedback resulted in the design adjustment according to the user's needs and preferences.

The result of this work is the design of a managerial tool to support ramp-up productions, developed according to gathered requirements from earlier ARUM project phases.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with scheduling of tasks on heterogeneous computational resources. Users send their tasks to the system continuously (online) and the goal of the scheduling algorithm is to allocate each task on some available computational resource. As soon as the task is processed by the computational resource, the result of the task is sent back to the corresponding user. It's important for the user that the solution of the task is received as fast as possible (the duration between sending the task to the system and receiving the solution by the user is called response time).  Tasks are solved by anytime algorithms. The characteristic of these algorithms is that they can be stopped at any time. The quality of solutions found by the anytime algorithms is determined from the running time of the algorithm - the longer the algorithm is running, the better solution may be found. The anytime property is used for solving the system overload problem, which arises when the capacity of the computational resources is not enough.  In case of an overload the response time may increase dramatically, which would lead to dissatisfaction of the users. By controlling the requested quality of the solutions, the running time of the algorithms can be decreased in case of an overload and thus maintaining the response time on an acceptable level.  For scheduling of tasks and controlling the quality of solutions, we proposed a simple heuristic, which operates in two steps. The first step is responsible for allocation of the tasks on the resources and the second step controls the requested quality of the solutions, so that the response time is maintained on an acceptable level.  The work also deals with estimating the progress of the solution quality for the given running time of the algorithm. Knowledge of the progress is important for the scheduling algorithm.</td>]
[<td>Nowadays, the number of applications in complex systems increases rapidly and some of them have real-time requirements, while others do not. These applications share resources, such as memories, processors or interconnect, in order to reduce cost and power consumption of the systems. However, sharing causes contention between sharing applications, which must be resolved by a resource arbiter. This master thesis uses Time-Division Multiplexing (TDM) for these purposes. TDM employs a table of a fixed length with slots allocated to the applications. Although it is a commonly used arbiter, it is a difficult problem to find a TDM frame size and slot assignment that satisfy the bandwidth and latency requirements of the real-time applications that use the resource. Moreover, it is important to minimize the resource utilization of these applications to provide non-real-time clients with better performance.
This master thesis considers the described problem and proposes an efficient methodology to solve it. The five main contributions are: 1) An optimal integer linear programming (ILP) model, assuming a given frame size is proposed; 2) An optimal branch-and-price approach for a given frame size is presented; 3) Two filtering heuristics for choosing a limited set of frame sizes for the models, mentioned above, are presented. The optimal frame size for this and the next model is found by iterating over all frame sizes in a given interval; 4) An optimal ILP model, synthesizing the frame size is presented; 5) The four approaches have been implemented and experimentally evaluated. From our experiments, we conclude that the first ILP model significantly outperforms the other optimal approaches in terms of computation time and that the heuristics provide solid reduction of computation time, sacrificing only less than 3% of the resource utilization on average.</td>]
[<td>The evolution of the software is the problem that software developers have to face. One of the solution of this problem is the school project called MigDb, which deals with the automatization of the evolution process. The project aims to solve the problem of object-relational mapping without losing the data stored in a relational database. Changes in a persistent classes are described by the set of predefined operations that are used to generate a SQL script containing commands for a database schema and data migration.

The main purpose of this diploma thesis is to create the domain-specific language called Ops for easier handling of operation sequences in project MigDb. The language is formally specified and based on its specification the Eclipse IDE plug-in is implemented.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this bachelor thesis is to create an application utility with a graphical user interface which enables you to search specific messages and performing the required log file analysis reports produced by the network equipment Cisco ASA firewall. 
Part of this work is to evaluate the contents of log files, architecture design and implementation of the application. 
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to analyze the current project of restaurant
management system CashBob and propose a set of guidelines and rules to transfer
the project to take advantage of OSGi component model for the benefit of adding
new functionality without the need to stop the running system. The resulting
implementation of these rules was then tested on the client part of the
application and structured for the use by future developers of the project.</td>]
[<td>This work is concerned with specifying the contract and implement the transformation changes 
of the application model into changes of the database model. It also
deals with the automation of the derivation of the changes applied to one model
leading to another without loss or with minimal loss of stored data.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to suggest and implement the easy system for projects administration for small companies with using of PHP 5 and three layers architecture.

</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a pilot subsystem of distributed storage that takes care of itself save the data with consideration to outages and scalability the solution. The result is a functional program, which implements the basic idea that shows a concept for further development.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis is the analysis, design and implementation of the application CashBob deployment and preventing unauthorized access to the application. As a part of the deployment is a build solution, simple installation and running application. Further, the licensing system is designed to prevent unauthorized use of the application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my bachelor thesis was to resolve issues in the CashBob project to make it ready for deployment to production environment. The thesis is focused on analysis, proposal of solutions and 
implementation of fixes of individual issues within the whole CashBob project. This thesis also deals with common software debugging methods. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with reworking already existing project bakaláøskápráce.cz, which serves to simplify communication between academic and commercial sectors for graduate thesis assignment and it's preparation for public deployment.</td>]
[<td>The main topic of this dissertation is the implementation and benchmarking of the Continual Evolution Algorithm (CEA). It's an optimalization algorithm, which belongs to so-called evolutionary algorithms. It combines an evolutionary optimization approach with a local search method so as to decrease the number of fitness evaluations needed to find a good enough solution for a specific optimization problem.

The dissertation covers a brief introductions to evolutionary algorithms and the Continual Evolution Algorithm . Then, a chosen implementation of the algorithm, executed experiments and obtained results are presented.</td>]
[<td>Distributed planning and scheduling plays a major role in many industrial applications ranging from multirobotics systems, military tactical operations to manufacturing and logistics. In this master thesis, we present and describe a multi-agent solver which uses techniques of task sharing, delegation and allocation on locally planned resources. The agent-based task and resource allocation tool, which we have implemented, is called TARF-tool. Using various planning algorithms based on first-in first-out (FIFO) fashion, last-in first-out (LIFO) fashion or heuristics, this tool is capable of solving both scheduling and transportational problems.

Using the TARF-tool's graphical user interface (GUI), you can specify tasks, which you want to schedule, available agents and resources, objective function to be optimized, run the TARF-tool solver and thus obtain an optimized schedule. In the last part of the thesis, two allocation scenarios demonstrate the features and functionality of the TARF-tool. Also presented there, the stress test results tell us, how the computation time of planners changes with increasing number of tasks.</td>]
[<td>The thesis daels with a design of subsystem and its implementation making possible for
users to access their data. During the design, many requirements were taken into account
(e.g. the redundancy, the ability to adapt to changes quickly). As a result of this thesis
the program communicating with a system is presented. The system has functionalities
as follows - safe storing of user’s data and its reading through the network. The thesis
also discusses next possibilities of development.</td>]
[<td>Main goal of this work is to suggest and implement the opensource web application for creating, managing, doing registration and analysing sport training units based on analysis of sport club requirements. Emphasis is put on connection between trainer and sportsman. Motivation for creating this application is to facilitate sport coach work with preparation of longterm planning and with controlling training lessons.</td>]
[<td>Network security can be viewed as a long lasting arms race between adversaries and intrusion detection systems designers, each of them trying to reach their goals by reacting to the oponent’s actions. A potential breakthrough in this race could be made by anticipating the adversary’s next move. We attempted to achieve it by devising a procedure, which serves for designing optimal attacks against a particular network detector based on anomaly detection. The proposed method is tested against exact optimal values, and verified to efficiently produce maximal attacks on the mentioned detector. Our findings are important for the evaluation of the security of the analysed detection system and can be used for its improvement.</td>]
[<td>Client-side web form data validation has big impact on web applications 
and ideally every project that processes user input for predefined
purposes should use this type of value checking. It is mostly beneficial for
user interaction with page, but also network traffic is kept at necessary minimum
and application servers are not burdened by processing invalid data. For this purpose
a simple yet sufficient JavaScript library is introduced. Universal transformation 
framework AspectFaces strives for such type of validation and the library
is integrated into AspectFaces-based project as a result of this work.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to develop an algorithm that schedules tasks of planned
projects in the company to its employees. Emphasis is placed on the optimality of the
assignment of workers to the tasks of the projects according to their skills and experience
so that the projects meet their deadlines.
The work includes design, implementation and test cases of the algorithm based on a
generic branch and bound algorithm that tries to meet this target. The designed algorithm
uses two optimization criteria. The first of them is the optimization criterion of
the assignment that optimizes the schedule according to the input information including
capabilities of the workers on specific job types. The second optimization criterion
restricts the projects’ finish times in order to speed up their completion and therefore
minimize the risk of exceeding the projects’ deadlines.
The second part of this work is the design and implementation of a simple application
that uses the scheduling library with an implemented algorithm. This application based
on the Spring Framework, JSF and JPA technologies allows the user to enter projects
with their tasks and relationships between them. The tasks can be displayed in the
application using a Gantt diagram implemented as a JSF component. The application
also provides the ability to modify the list of workers and to quantify the degree of
experience and efficiency in various areas of their work which is then used by the
scheduling library.
The scheduling algorithm output can be displayed as a set of schedules, each for an
individual employee.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to present the existing solutions for remote management of MikroTik devices via graphical interface (GUI). The main goal is to develop a better application which is able to detect and present in GUI the network topology.

This work presents the class of Neighbour Discovery Protocols (NDP) and the ways a networks can be centrally managed via GUI. In this work the protocols for the remote management of MikroTik devices are presented and, based on those, the graphic tool for dynamically topology discover had been built. </td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the time management system of project team. First of all it analyzes the issues. In the next step it implements functionality by chosen technology and at the end the created application is tested.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this bachelor thesis is creating of web based application, providing requirement management for Enterprise Architect database. The application is starting as brand new independent project designated to another development. Emphasis is placed especially on simplicity and intuitive control.

The content of this document is complete project documentation generated gradually during iterative development. The work arises under the BSD license using UML and Enterprise Architect tool.</td>]
[<td>In the last decades, the rapid growth of high-throughput genomic screening enabled to
study complex biological processes across multiple levels such as mRNA expression, miRNA
regulation and DNA methylation. At the same time, a lot of analytical and predictive
methods that utilize such data were invented, hence the problem of selection of preferable
methods arose.
The thesis presents a new web-based tool miXGENE for integrative gene expression anal-
ysis by means of machine learning and statistics. miXGENE enables to fuse heterogeneous
genomic measurements using prior knowledge. miXGENE is a specialised workflow man-
agement system. The user can interactively create, modify and execute experiments using
built-in functional blocks. In the typical scenario, miXGENE facilitates rapid prototyping
of the workflow resulting in an accurate predictive disease model.
To demonstrate miXGENE potential, a case study in the domain of germ cell tumor
molecular classification was done. The case study compared several workflows that differ
in the way of data preprocessing, feature selection, the role of prior knowledge in the in-
tegration and learning method. Finally, the best settings and the optimal workflow were
recommended.
</td>]
[<td>The task of filtering email spam (also known as Unsolicited Bulk Mail) has been an important topic in the machine learning community during the last two decades. Although the existing techniques are able to filter the majority of spam, more sophisticated spammers are constantly refining their strategy so that their messages pass the existing filters. One example of such behaviour is a new spamming trend observed by the largest freemail service provider in the Czech Republic. The unsolicited bulk mail which resembles a standard newsletter is delivered to the email addresses, which come from illegally obtained databases. We use a term Illegal newsletters for such behavior. The problem of such emails is that we cannot use the content filters to detect them and that the senders mask themselves by changing IP addresses and domains. Currently the contracting email service provider is manually gathering information about the senders of Illegal newsletters, so it can develop defence algorithms. Because manual analysis is highly inefficient, we propose a system which should help human operators in identifying new spammers by highlighting suspicious emails. We propose features that should describe normal behavior of the senders and we use anomaly detection algorithms to detect abnormal emails. The preliminary results from testing on small set  of labeled emails suggests that the majority of anomaly emails represents unsolicited bulk mails and that such approach should help the operators in identifying a significant portion of delivered spam.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis we explore specific bottom-up learning procedures for classifying data in the form of relational structures. The key idea is to find a discriminative set of a few specific structures, which are homomorphic to as many positive examples and as few negative examples as possible. Our learning approach is based on finding Plotkin's least general generalization which we reformulated in terms of relational structures. The least general generalization is used in specific bounded versions exploiting local consistency techniques from the constraint satisfaction programming. We also provide an equivalent formulation of our approach in terms of the first order logic.</td>]
[<td>Enterprise software systems, managing large numbers of computers and allowing numerous
people to cooperate, can grow to unmanageable scales. Maintenance and extension
of such systems constructed as single software monoliths gets complex and resources
needed to work with such systems grow in a significantly superlinear fashion. In order
to make those systems simpler, developers can adopt the Service oriented architecture
(SOA) approach, where systems are divided into multiple separate subsystems, services,
whose purpose it is to respectively manage a single function of the system.
This thesis describes the implementation of three components for the ARUM (Adaptive
Production Management) project, which is based on Enterprise service bus (ESB)
implementation of SOA. The ARUM project creates a highly sophisticated software
system, that will be capable of managing human and material resources, planning,
scheduling and supervising the manufacture of a commercial jet airliner.
These three components consist of firstly a deployment tool, used by administrators
to effectively deploy and undeploy components to the ESB, secondly a Jade gateway
library, allowing Jade platform agents to communicate with ESB services and vice versa
and thirdly a database service that encapsulates multiple database engines and types
and unifies the access through a common protocol and provides encapsulated databases
as a service.</td>]
[<td>This thesis concerns the problem of strongly constrained course timetabling with imperfect time-dependent information taken into account. The aim of this thesis is to design and implement an effective incremental activity scheduling algorithm which would solve this problem. 

After reviewing the state of the art, a novel meta-algorithm is proposed, which encapsulates an inner search algorithm. Several suitable inner search algorithms are subjected to benchmarks and the best one is found and chosen as the inner search algorithm. The meta-algorithm itself is then also subjected to benchmarks in order to find best settings for it.

Then the software tool which makes use of this algorithm is designed, implemented and its code base is covered by unit and integration tests. General software testing and algorithm benchmarking methodology is described.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on design, implementation, and testing of an EMGcontrolled tool for image editing. Most people use various graphic editors that are usually not accessible by people with severe motor impairments. People at this level of disability interact with computer via limited set of input “signals”, e.g. pressing a button, clenching muscles, etc. Electromyographic sensors provide means of physical realization of these input channels. The goal of this work was to use a set of such sensors that enable a simple GIF image editing.</td>]
[<td>This paper deals with the implementation of communication interface REST in scheduling work shifts module in an existing restaurant system Cashbob.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is focused on proposal and implementation of the subsystem for metadata management in the system of distributed data storage. The thesis presents also the summary of cloud storages, as well as the results obtained during their testing.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my bachelor thesis was to develop a tool, that would help technicians from the Volkswagen company to research anomalies in CAN bus commucation in cars. The results of this research can be used to create system to detect attacks on CAN bus and increase communication security in cars.

Created graphical tool helps to visually inspect parameters of communication on CAN bus, for example period, entropy and their deviations. This tool works on the Linux operating system and it has been developed using Qt library. Its user interface was designed for using on touchscreens.

It was tested on log files provided by the Volkswagen company, on log files captured from the robot from the department of control engineering and online in the ©koda Octavia in the lab on CTU FEL on Karlovo námìstí.</td>]
[<td>This project is about the process of creating a web application for the Union of czech computer and multimedia artists. It contains a requirements analysis, design and implementation of the web presentation and the administration interface for content management. Furthermore, it contains a comprehensive description of the test process and final deployment.</td>]
[<td>There is a growing number of applications of game theory in the real world, especially in economical and security domains. There are two main challenges brought by these applications. First challenge is created by the need of robust solutions, caused by the non-rational nature of the human opponents encountered in these applications. Second challenge lies in the size of the games which need to be solved. This thesis addresses both of these issues. It provides first thorough experimental evaluation of existing advanced solution concepts on a set of real world inspired games. The best solution concept is then applied to the Double oracle algorithm, which is one of the most suitable algorithms for solving large domains found in these applications. The aim of this action is to even further increase the performance of this algorithm, by exploiting higher quality of solutions provided by the advanced solution concept.</td>]
[<td>The target of the thesis is to implement the system that enables to make shopping lists and
to share them. The system consists of the server application with graphical user and REST
interface and Android system application consuming the interface.
The main contribution of the thesis is based on the definition and solving problems that
smartphone software developers could face. Above all, I want to highlight the problem of
choosing technology, the method and security of the data transfer and implementation of
modern elements of Android graphical user interface. I would also like to emphasize testing
of smartphone applications.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the three-phase four-quadrant electricity meter metering core firmware design. Basic goal and fundamental demands are defined in the thesis introduction. Several evaluation kit variants are discussed from the circuit design point of view in the next section. The analytical section of the thesis introduces all the necessary electrical quantities measurement methods and describes basic measuring circuits’ abilities. Next section (design) deals with the theoretical fundamentals implementation and brings bit-demand analysis of the metering core computations. Implementation chapter defines necessary data structures and functions for the quantities computations and other functionalities interface. Last chapter presents testing and verification results which were performed on one of the evaluation kits.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to analyze current available solutions for centralized control
and distribution of computational jobs onto compute nodes. In the next step, the goal is to
design and implement one of possible solutions. Resulting software is intended to function
as a middleware between a GUI (which is subject to corresponding bachelor's thesis), a
database (where data about jobs are stored) and a compute resources. Application will
be used specifically for running discrete circuit synthesis jobs on various compute
resources.</td>]
[<td>This project deals with a server application for collecting, visualization and analyzing issues arising in use of an RCP based desktop application. Development of such system can be divided into several parts. The thesis contains analysis of a newly developed desktop software of SKODA ELECTRIC Company, design of a new system architecture and finally, it expands the previous system and implements a new module, called the UI gesture and exception collector, which will be a part of this system. The module has been implemented, tested and is prepared to be integrated into the production system.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis guides you step by step through the process of creating mobile application from analysis to implementation and testing of the system, which is build on Android operating system
and provide analysis of acceleration forces in a motor vehicle. App uses build-in accelerometer in mobile device and tries determine actual state of a vehicle, filters data in order to be more
accurate, provide road bump cancellation, measure acceleration in a car's direction and based on learned data predict whether engine is on or off. Main goal of this application is determine if
smart-phone’s accelerometer has a potential in field of car error diagnostic.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is the extension of an information system for project management real company . New system is based on the analysis of the original system, with which will be partialy combined. The result is the design of the supporting information system and its further development.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create a piece of software which will enable the user to drive and program different external devices - robots or their simulations. This software should be modular so as to allow adding new hardware support and new languages based on user's needs. It also has to be portable to several platforms. 
The main contribution and objective of this project is to bring an extandable platform together with an example of implementation of one hardware or virtual device support. This platform will bring modular, highly extendable product with quality design to anybody who needs to drive a device on a sophisticated level with good level of abstraction whether she is an amateur, student or anybody else who can't afford expensive special software.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the steps necessary for successful implementation of the IPv6 network protocol in existing datacenter. The datacenter services, available via IPv4 only before this work was completed, will be available via both protocols using the dual-stack approach.
In the first part I discuss the needs of a datacenter and analysis of existing environment, the second proposes configuration-specific modifications and testing methods. The last part of this work mentions possible future evolution of a datacenter and the near future of IPv6-only datacenters.

Keywords: Internet protocol, IPv4, IPv6, datacenter, dual-stack, DNS, Cisco, load-balancing.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to develop the server components for the MBTest project, which deals with world-wide measuring of mobile network parameters including the bandwidth, packet loss, round-trip delay time and signal strength in different locations. The measured data with the exception of personal or otherwise sensitive bits will be available online for the general public. My work revolves around developing a web application that provides a web interface for client measurement parameter negotiation, and also two measuring servers used by the clients to measure against. It also includes a database schema design to persist the measured data.</td>]
[<td>The main topic of my work is a communication protocol Smart Battery System. Extensive protocol is primarily designed for applications with baterries. This protocol normalize communication between many elements connected on the bus. My work is oriented on communication between laptops and smart batteries. Work builds on Software research project whose task was to capture and analyze communications between laptop and smart battery. And compare it that conforms to the standard Smart Battery Systems.
Next issue of my work is design and build a device such smart battery. Device must can fully replace communication of smart battery. The users can use non-standard batteries in power laptops. Users also can control base values of batteries, because device have embedded controlling interface. I don´t find solutions to similar problem by another author, so my work can be of great benefit.</td>]
[<td>This thesis seeks to implement an integrated development environment that would provide standard tools to facilitate easier and quicker editing of the modeling language used by ExtBrain project. The resulting, syntax-driven editor enables the editing of the language's objects. The program provides browser-based interface and makes it possible to edit files stored on a server, including their segmentation into more extended projects.</td>]
[<td>This bacheor thesis deals with the analysis, design and implementation of mobile applications for support in assessing the polygons. This application should facilitate the process of surveying and replace the existing unsatisfactory solution.</td>]
[<td>This work provides an insight on design and development of smartphone – based Public Transport Mobile Assistant (MPTA) for visually impaired users. MPTA tries to address difficulties with orientation on and off the public transport vehicles and on the stops. Android operating system was selected as a prototyping platform. One of the main requirements to MPTA was no dependency on additional hardware so that it creates cost effective mobile solution. Cooperation with visually impaired people throughout development phases was mandatory in order to create easily usable solution for them. Two versions of user interface were created and tested. One version of prototype is ready for experimental usage in Brno. Cooperation with public transport provider in Prague was started and granted access to real – time data which will be used in MPTA.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis is concerned with analysis, design and implementation of data generator with predefined data depencies for Business Intelligence systems (BI). The result is a web application implemented as SaaS (Software-as-a-Service). The main contribution is making analyst or salesman work significantly easier. They can use generated data for BI features demonstration in very short time. From economical and managerial point of view, this tool enables much faster selling cycle. Generator outputs are suitable for BI testers too. This work also includes evaluation of existing tools for this purpose.</td>]
[<td>Main goal of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement a network communication layer as an extension of complex restaurant management system cashBob. Network layer should provide a web based interface for external, mainly mobile devices with various platforms like Android or iOS. Second goal is to develop a native application running on mobile platform Android. This application is not ment to be standalone, it will only provide CashBob server bussnies logic for mobile application's operatives to work more efficiently and fluently.

Another goal is to cooperate with other cashBob team members with deploying complex restaurant management system suitable for commercial usage and complying customers requirements.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with complex analysis, proposal and both implementation and testing of a web application designed for football clubs. The application provides these clubs an efficient method of administration and communication with the fans of the club. The aim of this work is to examine all technologies required throughout the life-cycle of such a web application and to publish selected non-private information stored in the application as Linked Data in order to allow their automatic processing and effective search.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on analysis and implementation of customer support portal application,
which will enable its users to obtain support for given product.
It will provide ability to
create and manage support cases, to display related customer relationship information and
to display information about tasks linked to support cases from external tracker.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this Bachelor's thesis is to find out, whether it is possible to enable the text input using myoelectric signals registered by appropriate input device. The enabling is done by controlling the mouse cursor, or a part of a keyboard and as the input device is chosen Neural Impulse Actuator (NIA). Calibration and mapping tool is written in C# language and, unlike the original software, it has wider options. The thesis contains appropriate researches, detailed analysis of NIA and basic tests of reliability and usability.</td>]
[<td>The content of this work is the implementation of a web application that is used for recording and presentation of cultural events and related artists. The work begins with an analysis of existing solutions and discusses phases typical for software development. The analysis describes the functional requirements and use cases. The design part contains discussion about the implementation environment and also the design of the application itself. Work then performs discussion of important implementation details, and continues with a description and results of basic tests. At the end it enumerates suggested possible extensions that can be implemented in the future.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with measurement of mobile data network and its parameters. The thesis focuses mainly on mobile client for iOS operating system running on Apple iPhone devices. Output of the user measuring are data for statistical front-end. The result of this thesis is an objective evaluation of mobile data networks.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with new technological trends that could lead the optics into the very core of computer technology. It is primarily based on development in the field of all-optical transistors, but some technologies which are using both optical and electronical components are also described. We should point out, that this work doesn´t bring hopes of seeing optical components used inside processors anytime soon, but it should show us some important facts about todays development of optical field and some promising directions, which can take us closer to our goal of improving our computing abilities. We will witness how optics pave its way from large scale networks to shorter networks and even on-chip core-to-core connections. Next steps in development of optical technologies are only optical connections in the core itself and optical transistors. It is not yet clear whether they will become the technology of future or not. We will begin our work by answering the questions: „Should we even try to accomplish that?“ and „Is it worth trying?“.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to design a prototype of a new application to study at ÈVUT. The work concerns a proposal of a new system of collecting, storing and handling data of applicants that are required by colleges, registers and UIV. The essence of the work is a design of a prototype of electronic application form, which acts as an independent part of IS. The prototype follows the rules of web applications and is designed as a model for the needs of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering of ÈVUT. The text part contains an analysis of the law on protection of personal data concerning this topic. The result of this work is tested and working prototype, which exists as an independent part of the IS, and all communication is based on a standard database interface.</td>]
[<td>This document describes analysis, design and implementation of iBupro2 application reimplementation. An application for assigning school projects. Also contains analysis, design and implementation of underlying libraries for integration of school infrastructure system
KOS and repositories GitHub and Assembla. Implementation is in Java based on Spring framework.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the design and implementation of method for solving Stacker Crane Problem (SCP) based on the principle of evolutionary algorithms. The thesis is based on an analysis of existing exact and (meta)heuristic methods for solving the SCP and related problems. The proposed approach is based on the POEMS algorithm (Iterative Prototype Optimisation with Evolved Improvement Steps) which is an iterated local search that uses an evolutionary algorithm to explore the surrounding of the current working solution.
The proposed algorithm has been tested on standard data sets for this problem found in the literature and compared with metaheuristic algorithm based on an iterated local search with variable neighborhood descent. The results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm achieves equally good or better results than the compared algorithm.</td>]
[<td>The target of this thesis is to design and implement network library for transfer of environment 
consisting of continuously changing variables. The main goals of the solution are low latency, consistency 
of the environment and simplicity in the library usage. The used programming language is C++.

The thesis describes capabilities of the TCP/IP protocols family and suggests how to use this 
technology for the environment transfer. The suggested solution is compared with already existing solutions. 
The thesis contains also a description of the library implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>In this work there are analyzed requirements of communication in Cluster module in Virtual Reality Universal Toolkit environment. There is also analysis of current solution of communication in this module.
In the second part of this work there are proposals of improvements regarding to facilitate the use of Cluster and proposals of optimization data streams.
In the last part of this work, there are described suggestions of implementation improvements  which were later added into the module.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to create an application for automatic collecting of insurance's premiums from individual insurance companies on the market. Motivation of creation of the application is to get real premiums of insurances on the market. Another motivation is possibility to collect premiums for many policies at one time(by uploading of file with policies). There exist similar portals for premiums collection, but they don't offer possibility to user collect premiums for many policies at one time and mainly the premiums from portals are not trustworthy, because the comparison portals add commission on their premiums.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis aims to explain, describe and show the example of programming mobile applications for the Android operating system. It explains the history, system architecture, development environment and used components. Furthermore, it focuses on the analysis of current solutions, applictaion design and its implementation, which describes the technology used to develop applications. Finally, the work will focus on the description and implementation of testing mobile application.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis is dealing with the design and realization of a universal peripheral board with 32-bit CPU AVR32 UC3A0. The board supports peripherals USB 2.0 OTG (switching between host and device), 2x RS232, RS485, SPI, I2C, SD Card, RTC, keyboard via PS / 2, connection LCD displays via UART, etc. The thesis also includes the implementation of libraries for control blocks within the microcontroller and control of modules and chips mounted on the PCB.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and implement a ZigBee network architecture using the XBee Series 2 modules, both in terms of hardware and software. It also includes the applications for remote management of the wireless network, including monitoring its behavior.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is the production analysis process and its web-based application support possibility documentation.
	Bachelor thesis consists of five chapters. The first two chapters make introduction into covered problematic and the solution’s requirements formulation. The following chapter deals with analysis and solution design. The implementation and testing process is covered by further chapter. Last chapter makes conclusion of fulfilled objectives.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the diploma thesis is to analyze, suggest and implement extension of an university project Cooperation with industry which will be part of a new information system for the whole university. In the thesis we try to use proper existing ways for implementation and extend them and build on them appropriatelly. For our work we have mainly used the business portal Liferay and the workflow engine Activity. We have based our work on the already existing parts of the project Cooperation with industry and have extended the parts implemented previously.</td>]
[<td>Today’s web is rapidly evolving. Not only desktop computers are used for browsing websites, use of mobile devices is growing rapidly. These devices have above all different screen sizes and different ways of operating (mostly by touch screens). This increases the requirements for creating web pages, thereby increasing costs for development and maintenance. The web provides and manipulates user data. The data validation depends on their types. Modern web pages validate data in an user interface. Validation rules depend on model’s classes, so each of their change leads to modification of user interfaces. Such modifications are expensive and liable to mistakes.
Goal of this work is to show a way how to significantly reduce the costs of maintaining of user interfaces. Automatic generation of validation from the model class is a new and completely different way of creating of the user interface. Possible ways of costs reduction on the development will be shown, together with nowadays options for maintenance of modern web applications for various devices.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about ﬁnding the capabilities of WANic 56512 which is a network card with a packet processor. It researches all the steps that are required to get this card working in our laboratory. A part of this thesis discuss whether WANic 56512 is a suitable candidate for packet generating, receiving and switching. Various benchmarks were performed to get trustworthy results to support the ﬁnal conclusion. The output of this thesis is an installation guide which speeds up the  deployment time for a future use. Also a set of tests that can be used to measure the performance of the card is presented. At the end of this thesis there is a comparison between WANic 56512 and the prototypes made by Radim Ro¹ka and Moris Bangoura.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this bachelor thesis was to modify and expand the restaurant system CashBob of functions essential for deployment in a real environment. The project involves the migration of client's cashier module to REST interface. Response of some windows in the graphical environment of the software is optimized and accelerated. Furthermore functionality of discounts and the form of software install process to the customer is designed.</td>]
[<td>This work is about the toolkit for inquiry learning. The aim is to design and implement multi-user web application with selected JavaEE technologies. The application have to allow to create variety learning scenarios in which the users learn. History of user's steps is recorded in the selected scenario, which is then used to visualize the summarized data, to search for inconsistencies in user's behavior and to predict the optimal step in learning.</td>]
[<td>The easiest way of music notation is plaintext. However, plaintext cannot carry all the information needed (length of notes, rhythm), and the author cannot turn the plaintext into a real music score. With a software that analyzes the plaintext and comprehends it as a melody, all that an author writes would be automatically recognized and exported to music score in the form of printable image or playing MIDI file. The aim of my project is to facilitate the process of music writing. The application http://mordent.cz has been launched. It tries to combine the advantage of easy plaintext notation with the comfort of a real music score. Mordent has been designed as an online freeware so that it can enjoy popularity.</td>]
[<td>Bakaláøská práce øe¹í úlohu vytvoøení efektivní webové aplikace, slou¾ící k uchovávání a snadnému zadávání a vyhledávání receptù, její¾ cílem je vytvoøit rozsáhlou komunitu u¾ivatelù, kteøí se mezi sebou budou pøedávat cenné informace z oblasti gastronomie.
V práci jsou v jednotlivých kapitolách postupnì shrnuty v¹echny fáze, nezbytné k vytvoøení plnì funkèní aplikace. U ka¾dé kapitoly naleznete mimo jiné i rozbory a øe¹ení nejrùznìj¹ích problémù, se kterými jsem se v dané fázi potýkal, vèetnì mo¾ností jejich øe¹ení. Tato øe¹ení pak mohou poslou¾it jako odrazový mùstek v¹em èlenùm projektových týmù, kteøí se budou v budoucnosti podobnou problematikou zabývat.</td>]
[<td>The development of commercial software applications currently must meet a number of demanding criteria to get ahead in the market and was positively perceived by customers. The critical period appears to be mainly from identification of needs of end clients to deliver the required application. The customer also requires high quality and inexpensive solutions based on proven principles.

Long-term vision of company providing software solutions directs with respect to financial sustainability to product development. In the introductory part of the thesis I deal with the characteristic features of such a development, its life cycle and basic models of its management. Successful implementation of product development depends not only on the selected architecture for product family, but also on the choice of the development cycle. Based on the G6 architecture model for product solutions of BSC company I describe a method of development in accordance with practices established by continuous integration.

The main topic of this thesis is to identify deficiencies in the current development model and propose solutions for efficient management of developmental streams, and their release into the customer environment. In the case study I analyze the behavior of members of the development team and their requirements for monitoring changes in the product solution. Emphasis is placed on a flexible model for change management of source code to ensure its quality during development and after integration into a common lineage. In the remainder I push ahead the application design extending services provided by infrastructure to the development team. Using the potential of dedicated tools covering parts of the development life cycle forms the application as basis model for modern change management of product solutions.</td>]
[<td>The result of this work is a web user interface for the project of controlling the electricity consumption. It consists of database, database server, web server and the web application itself.
It allows tranferring and storing the data measured by the controllers in households to a central database and subsequently presenting said data.
The web application contains a section presenting information regarding the project, a section for participants in the project, who may use it to measure the consumption of electricity in their households, and a section for the research team, which allows them full access to the database of the measured data.</td>]
[<td>
The Internet represents a rich source of information on almost any topic, which is often scattered, in unsuitable form, or of questionable reliability. An educated visitor may want to make their own analysis of the data, for example using spreadsheet software, but in most cases his or her only option is to manually copy-paste the individual values, which is a long tiring and unproductive work.

This thesis deals with semi-automatic and automatic information extraction from web pages. In the first part it reviews existing possibilities – it studies both theoretical algorithms designed in academic papers, and commercially available software.

In the second part development of a custom solution is documented. The key feature of the created tool is a spreadsheet-like interface, which WYSIWYG approach is opposite to imperative definition of extraction rules common in current solutions. The program is learning in background and based on entered values it suggests data for automatic extraction.</td>]
[<td>The project builds on an existing project Computer Network Emulator that uses the simulation tool OMNeT++ and the models from INET framework.

The content of this work is to analyze the available ways of extending the simulated reality of communication with the real elements of the connected computer 
network, the selection of suitable viable solution, of its implementation, of testing and the solution judgement of the performance parameters.
</td>]
[<td>MBTest is project aimed at global measurements of mobile networks characteristics like bandwidth, packet loss or latency. This project consists of several parts - server
 backend, clients for Android and iOS and web interface.
This work is about the implementation of web interface for this project. The outcome of this work should be design and implementation of website both introducing the pro
ject and serving as a homepage for the users, allowing them to browse their results and various statistics</td>]
[<td>Unie center for family and comunity assigned a request to create web for their members.
The aim of this work is the analysis, design, implementation and testing of specified web
application.
The first chapter of this work, we introduce the issues of the problem. The following
chapter describes the analysis and then choise of application architecture. The next chapter
describes the actual realization of the problem and testing. The last chapter is a summary
of the desired objectives.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis is to design an open bicycle trip planner that is capable to compute a route for cyclists from a given origin to a destination. When calculating the route, a length of the route, changes in elevation, an average speed of a cyclist, properties of the route segments and requirements of a user are considered. The route is evaluated from four aspects: speed, comfort, length and quietness. The planner is able of working with real-world network of roads and cycle ways. The proposed solution is implemented in a form of a deployable server application with an open REST API. A user interface is provided using the web page.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a dictionary system for use with the ExtBrain Keyboard for Android, which acts as a replacement for the original SQL database based version of the dictionary. The dictionary system is accompanied by a sharing server, which enables users to download dictionaries and install them with ease. Moreover, the work tests this system with a set of strict unit tests which verify it's correct functioning. The assignments is supplemented by minor bug fixes and behaviour alterations. The work is to be well documented with the thought for a potential successor in mind.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of a tool within the MBTest project for mobile data networks measuring and mapping. The outcome of this work is a design and implementation of a Android mobile application which allows the user to test network stability, speed, latency and packet-loss. This thesis also contains suggestions for alternatives and possible pitfalls when developing Android applications.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the creation of an information system in technology XWiki. The system is web for department of university and contain study information. In addition to basic information about the members of the department and articles imported from the faculty IS 
provides supplementary information and further list of publications and grants to individual faculty members.
XWiki Platform enabled the creation of a comprehensive system compared to the existing site, which will be replaced. The work includes the analysis, design and implementation of an information system in accordance with the practice of software engineering and attaches administrator guide.</td>]
[<td>This Diploma project aims at creating tests to prove correctness of signalling protocol ISUP (member of large family of protocols Signalling system number 7). The test level is defined as user acceptance and it verifies whether a applied technology works correctly. The tests were created for the purpose of this paper and later approved in practical testing procedures. The scope of tests is set as the national and is identified by the International Telecommunication Union ITU, the European Institut ETSI and the national agency ÈTÚ.</td>]
[<td>This work describes preparation and implementation of web interface for cloud file storage system. This work also describes the neccessary adjustments to other parts of the system that the web interface depends on. The main goal is to create an interface that enables manipulation with the storage in full range over the web.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with modeling, simulation and with design of  control unit of a simple MEMS-based actuator with three degrees of  freedom. Because of the time complexity of the simulation when  nonlinear model of the actuator is used, the linear approximation is  adopted for preliminary design of correction unit of the actuator.  This preliminary design is used as a basis forfurther simulation  experiments with nonlinear model of the actuator, and consequently for  the optimized design of correction unit. The behavior of the actuator  for entire workspace has been sucessfully simulated and simulation  results are presented. This approach is applicable for wide class of  MEMS-based actuators.</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis is focused on design and implementation of a toolkit for development of a object recognition applications in video. Development of mobile applications is growing in general and current frameworks aren't keeping pace. The aim is to create modern framework, which will be instrumental in faster understanding of a computer vision and in a same time to simplify a routine programming. These things can contribute to the expansion and development of Augmented Reality applications in real world.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the study and analysis of the ideal application for project management. Research of competing tools and study methodologies development projects are collected requirements, which are then used to design a prototype application. The application is implemented and tested on the platform of Ruby on Rails. The result is an application
suitable for software project management in small teams.
</td>]
[<td>Following work formalizes problem of inspector scheduling in public transport networks. This problem touches current issues of crew scheduling in railway and especially subway networks and is supposed to lower potential loss in profit caused by fare evading portion
of passenger population. We focus on offline pre-computation and prediction of admissible daily schedules.

Firstly, the problem is formalized from mathematical point of view as a constrained optimization problem. Attention is paid to well defined optimization criterion based on expected value of checked passenger which is used to evaluate generated schedules. Also time and location constraints for inspector movement must have been taken into account, so that the result could best meet the reality. Some space is also left for customization of individual capabilities of inspectors.

Solution is then proposed in the form of several state-space search algorithms backed in easily usable scheduling toolbox. The approaches differ in various level of inspector cooperation that is considered, optimality, completeness and thread-based boost-up that is used. The implementation is focused on good object-oriented design with stress on extensibility and generality while being able to solve the hard problem.

Finally, we present results for several experiments. The experiments are either standalone tests or simulation runs on AgentPolis platform and are supposed to cover standard performance characteristics such as: time, memory and schedule quality. Simulation, on the other hand, reveals comparison to different passenger strategies.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the school project Collaboration with industry, designed as a portal solution built on the Liferay platform. The main content of this work include implementation of the portlets (BPMN process) and their integration with process engine Activiti. The thesis also deals with the issue of roles and access rights, togetger with integration of Liferay. Another integral part is also a description of the technology and the design and implementation of system tests. At the conclusion there is a static code analysis. The result of the whole work is described and tested API, facilitating work with Activiti process engine, process integration and analysis of tests of the system. The concept of this work, together with its solution should partially contribute to the overall implementation and successful completion of the project.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this bachelor’s thesis is to simplify process of testing with users. Specifically testing on a flight simulator. But results can be easily abstracted to general testing with users. The goal is to design database structure for test management and user interface for
database access. The output should be an usable application which simplifies processes related with testing. Such a process is e.g. selection of participants, inviting participants to terms of the test or filling questionnaires of the test.
In following pages are problem analysis, description of implementation and user interface.</td>]
[<td>The task of this thesis is to analyse the original system of marking used at the
school and then to design and implement a new system.
</td>]
[<td>As goal of this thesis is to implement a core of online web-based workflow tool MySimpleList.com, which will be used for collaborating members of work teams and their projects. The tool will support some team rolls as real team. The project manager will have the best authority above the whole project as well as all team. Projects will consist of a set of tasks.
The user friendly application frontend will be implemented in HTML, CSS and JavaScript (jQuery). The application backend will be processed by PHP scripts in MVC architecture CodeIgniter. Data wares will be implemented by one or more MySQL databases.
The thesis will comprise the Analytic and design part of problem too.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is extension and integration of IPv6 functionality into existing Computer Network Emulator. The Computer Network Emulator is based on Omnet simulation library and framework. The modules used for networking purposes are INET framework modules. The original author of this emulator is Mr. Michek. Implementation is based on Omnet v3.3. The simulator was ported on Omnet v4.1 platform by Mr. Jeníèek afterwards. This implementation proceeds on the last port done by Mr. Jení£ek in v4.1.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of the MigDB project is to implement a tool for automatic data migration in a relational database according to a change in the application persistent layer.
This thesis focuses on verification of the practical usage of the MigDb framework. A refactoring catalogue serve as a source of migration cases. The implementation (or possible realization) of each case, its impact on database and its limitation in MigDb framework is discussed in the thesis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis uses discoveries in research of rehabilitation pacients sufferring from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Apart from other things, regular physical activity is part of the treatment. Application, on which developement this thesis is focused, should help pacients and doctors with fullfilling required rehabilitation
program.</td>]
[<td>Main theme of the thesis is the server infrastructure consolidation by utilizing the technology of hardware virtualization. It analyses the consolidation topic and particular components of hardware virtualization in general and its impact on quality of the whole solution. It examines techniques which can be used to estimate total capacity of consolidated system. It focuses special attention on Intel Hyper-Threading technology.
Implementation part of the thesis is the programming realization of system for data collection from target systems into SQL database, its effective processing and calculation of performance parameters for estimating total capacity of consolidated system. Custom graphical user interface and performance testing tools are also the part of the
implementation.
Last part of the thesis is realization of custom performance testing of several systems before and after consolidation by hardware virtualization. These tests were used to evaluate the quality of the consolidation system outputs.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the systems for the creation of flight dynamics models (FDM) and the realization of the integration of the simulation into the AgentFly system by interfacing with the trajectory planner of AgentFly. The paper theoretically describes the algorithms for trajectory planning implemented in the AgentFly system. The first of the algorithms, AA*, uses an adaptive size of the sampling step, allowing dynamic discretization of the searched space. The second algorithm, Hexgrid, is based on planning upon a hexagonal discretization grid. Next follows the description and comparison by a set of criteria of selected systems used for creating FDMs, namely ROS, JSBSim, Matlab and YASim. The criteria include the ease of use, realism of the created model, the state of documentation and kinds of operating systems on which the systems work. Afterwards an interface between the flight simulation and the trajectory planner of AgentFly is designed and implemented. Part of this interface is the planner of maneuvers for flight along the trajectory. One of the mentioned systems is used for a check of the interface implementation. The purpose of this check is to ascertain the correctness and faultlessness of data exchange between AgentFly and the FDM. The implemented interface is afterwards used for the purpose of comparison of flights following a given plan using a real quadcopter and a simulated one. There were some deviations from the plan detected in the simulation, caused by too conservative and rigid maneuvers issued by the interface. The behaviour of the simulation can be improved by a broader set of maneuvers and better control regulators.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with refactoring and connecting various parts of the existing system E-Volby. Redundant sections of the source code are removed from the system. Also the application is adjusted to work correctly with the used technologies. Furthermore, a static analysis of the code is applied on each part of the system and the domain model is redesigned in order to improve system functionality.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this study is to propose design of a web content management system. This work focuses on architecture, database design, local concepts, and user interface design. Key concepts and typical problems of a content management system are described. Multiple solutions for key concepts are investigated and compared to similar solutions and products. The first part of the study explains system architecture, the following parts discuss global and local concepts, and the last part deals with the user interface design and user testing. This work focuses on the application design without a detailed description of the program's implementation. </td>]
[<td>This work is about development of car unit moduls for supporting of the car-sharing project Metrocar. Moduls provide getting data from OBD2 standard, getting GPS coordinates, sending captured records on server Metrocar, getting reservation from server Metrocar and car imobilization.</td>]
[<td>This work describes construction and implementation of a compiler with optimization of the resulting output code. Concretely compiler is implemented as a translator of a simplified C language into Java Virtual Machine assembly language. The reader is guided thru construction of this compiler from architecture design and input language
definition, through back-end, to the back-end. Every method resp. her implementation used while creation is described.
    Also discussed and implemented is the optimization part of the compiler. The focus is on system independent optimization methods for increasing speed of the resulting code. First are discussed different optimization methods for speed, from which we focus on optimization of abstract syntax tree, interprocedural optimization and optimization by code inlining. From these three types the main representative methods
are implemented. Implemented methods are constant merging, dead code elimination and function inlining. The result is an optimizing compiler, which will be tested, and the results are evaluated at the end of this work. </td>]
[<td>This thesis researches existing driving games and simulations and describes how these systems are used for scientific purposes and as teaching tools. The second objective is implementing and describing the newly made simulator that could be used in a similar way.</td>]
[<td>The simulation of the motoric impairment of computer users allows a healthy human, to put himself into the role of an invalid person and to imagine his problems while using the conventional computer input devices. This can be achieved using the hardware devices or software methods. I designed and made such a hardware device. Additionally I created a program application that can imitate some motoric limitations of an invalid person, who works with the computer. I compared the hardware and software solutions in my user study. </td>]
[<td>Booking system for blood plasma donors is information system for booking and people administration. System is fully modular and safe. Also is fully portable and fully visually editable thanks to jQuery UI.</td>]
[<td>This work discusses an analysis and implementation of an application demonstrating usage of peer-to-peer networks on mobile devices. The main point of this demonstration is to run the ELISA framework on Android platform. This results in an application providing usability of spreading traffic information within an area of Czech republic. The current position is attached to these information which are stored in central database to provide statistical data.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with issues of planning and observation train service. It presents existing software and outline processes of formation and observation of train traffic diagram. This thesis shows own implementation of that solutions.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project was to develop a Java library for conversion among music notation formats (TuxGuitar, Guitar Pro, MusicXML and JFugue 4 MusicString). Furthermore the library shoud enable exporting music to the LilyPond music typesetting format and acquiring data to facilitate additional music processing using machine learning algorithms. MusicString format was selected for this purpose, because those algorithms are generally used to process text strings rather than data objects.

Parts of TuxGuitar and JFugue applications were chosen to achieve the goal, TuxGuitar for conversions and JFugue for MusicString playback using MIDI sequencers. The goal was met with some restrictions and its asset consists of format conversion without need of any external application and multiple conversion enhancements compared to existing projects. Additionally the library simplifies algorithmic processing of music and creating other instrument parts by extracting information about the music.</td>]
[<td>This project analyses the source code of the original application project marketplace. It fixes bugs and errors, implements new features, implements new design patterns, refactors the source code, and extends the set of application tests with black-box tests.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about a software for unit testing web applications, called Karma.

The language for web applications is JavaScript, which is a very dynamic language without static typing. There is no compiler that could catch mistakes like misspelling a variable
name or calling a non existing method on an object - developers have to actually run the
code to catch these issues. Therefore testing is absolutely necessary.

Karma is a test runner, that helps web application developers to be more productive and
eﬀective by making automated testing simpler and faster. It has been successfully used on
many projects, including companies such as Google and YouTube.

This thesis describes the design and implementation of Karma, and the reasoning behind
them.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is to design and develop a tool for creating and sharing HTML presentations online. The goal is to build a web application, which will provide tools for creating web-based presentations for the purpose of viewing and sharing. The content of this work covers analysis, designing, implementation and testing of the system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to continue in development of a web application Metrocar, which will be used for operating a carsharing company. It addresses analysis, design and implementation
of an application which connects the Metrocar system and accounting system Flexibee. Information system Metrocar is developed on Python platform and Django framework. A part of the implementation of an application which connects system Metrocar and
system Flexibee is developing a Flexipy library in Python language. This library is using REST API which is a part of Flexibee system.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of a web application that is used to view the virtual tours. Application will serve as a marketing tool for the company offering the creation of virtual tours and will also serve as a promotional media for interesting tourist sites in towns or villages and for the objects in different spheres of business. For creating the application will be used technology to provide support for application functionality on modern devices like are mobile phones and tablets.</td>]
[<td>This work is about designing a library of functions, which will be capable to evaluate aircraft flight, based on flight data. The design is splitted into five main parts: clasification of flight status, evaluation of collision possition with terrain, checking the aircraft limitation, evaluation of in-flight maneuvres and assignation of airspace. The evaluation of the flight is based on these parts and their output. The library is extended by auxiliary functions for visualization of flight data record. The obtainig of simulated flight data and the design procedure of testing is important thing of this work.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the problem of languages XML and XQuery in environment of native XML database CellStore. It implements a subset of the built-in functions of the XQuery language. It also implements XQTS tests on the implemented funkcionality.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with issues of board games adaptation into a computer version in the web setting. Trends in adaptation of board games into the field of web applications are observed in the frame of the thesis. Technological potential of modern web browsers is also assessed. The acquired knowledge is used to design the adaptation of an existing board game and to implement the client as well as server part of the web application. The result of the thesis is a web application which enables more players to play a particular board game on separate computers. The application was subjected to user tests which did not detect serious errors to such an extent that would prevent it from publishing. The inseparable part of the thesis is a preparation of materials for the follow-up advertising of the web game on social networks and community servers.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with the making of a web application in Java Enterprise Edition. The
application allows simple administration of the school, the approach to classication for the
legal guardians, assign tests by teachers and their working out by students.
The work will be based on studying the issue of school administration and the fundamental
needs of school. The part of the work will be research work available to applications
dealing with this issue on the czech market, realization a proper solution that will allow the
administration of the school and its presentation on the internet and inform the parents.
The solution is veried by static tests, unit tests, Selenium tests and user tests.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor‘s thesis on data deduplication topic focuses on the problem of data backups: finding a solution to save disk space and comparing current solutions. The prototype of Data Killer application was done. This program can resolve potential duplicates. It reduces the complexity of byte to byte comparison and the process of finding duplicates is less difficult.

The main goal of this work is to create a program for finding duplicate files that will excel in its speed and in the finding options given to the user.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a Java EE application implementing business process of approval documents and assess the deployment of business processes against the conventional approach.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the consolidation of systems in the health instance company by the techniques used in datawarehouses.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis delivers the audio guide, which has been used in real deployment at Lidice Memorial. The guide is intended for Android enabled mobile devices are expected to accompany visitors of Lidice Memorial on their visit. This work describe design, implementation, deployment and evaluation; all accomplished according to request obtained from Sonosfera, an alternative performers' group. The guide exploits GPS and comprehensive audio mix features along with complex content configuration in order to bring new user experience into Lidice Memorial. Moreover, a few battery performance evaluations were made to reveal possible shortcomings of the guide's features.</td>]
[<td>The work is dedicated to the creation of the Library System in Java, which is developed based on the analysis of current library systems. The resulting system is tailored for small and medium-sized libraries and general users who are doing their own home library. One of its objectives is to facilitate the work with the book fund, including management of lending books, using barcode and QR code. It also aims to create an application that will always simply be transferred to another device. In addition to desktop applications, it is also a prototype of a mobile application that allows you to perform an inventory of book collection.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis was to create an application that would simulate the network and the network traffic with the help of multi-agent systems. The simulated network thus further simulate network attacks with the help of the scenario and the resulting data to compare with data from the real world. Our whole simulation applications written in the Java programming language, the configuration files are written in XML format and support for multi-agent systems, we used the A-globe platform.</td>]
[<td>This project improves the freedom of movement for people with impaired mobility. The analysis is achieved based on the request of the non-prot organization POV. In this project I implement a web application based on the Google Maps JavaScript API which will map the routes and the objects of interest onto Google Maps. These objects should have special
content oriented for the persons with impaired mobility.
</td>]
[<td>My bachelor thesis is presenting an analysis of a training diary. Based on research, it is introducing a new concept of an online training diary designed to coach endurance athletes. Online application is designed according to newest trends and is focusing on simple and intuitive touch technology. The goal of my work is basic models implementation and a final prototype tested directly by a target group of athletes and coaches.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses the issues of creating semantically-enabled web content. Its goal is to verify how non-expert users could create easily semantic content. To validate this, the thesis contains also a design and an implementation of a web component allowing to create semantically-enriched machine-processible web content, that allows easy processing of the created knowledge not only by humans, but also by software agents. Applicability of the developed component is verified in a simple web application.
Java has been chosen as the implementation language. To enable the user annotate a text content by semantic tags, an editor has been created on the basis of the Java EE and Semantic Web technologies. Functionality and usefulness is presented in the Impetus, a simple web CMS for dance sport fans.</td>]
[<td>Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) are one of the most prominent approaches to model the brain of living creatures. Their research aims for many objectives with learning algorithms being the crucial direction. Learning ANNs corresponds to optimization of their internal parameters or even structure. Evolutionary Algorithms (EAs) are general optimization methods inspired in Nature known for ability to solve complex problems. The combination of both ANNs and EAs, often called neuro-evolution, has already produced a large number of algorithms with many successful applications. An obvious deficiency of current neuro-evolution approaches lies in a fact that they are even remotely unable to evolve artificial brains matching their real counterparts. The human brain consist of almost 100 billion neurons while each is connected to as many as 7,000 others. Interestingly, such highly complicated structure is, along with rest of the body, described by a genome having between 20,000 to 25,000 genes. This immense compression ratio is only facilitated by high regularity which can be observed at all scales of magnification in living organisms. The described encoding scheme is quite unlike in classic neuro-evolutionary approach called the direct encoding where the number of genes corresponds to the number of ANN's structural parts (neurons, connections). Methods based on the direct encoding are unable to evolve the large-scale neural networks as mentioned above which is given by the extreme dimension of the optimization problem to be solved. However, there is currently an extensive research on the so-called indirect encodings mimicking the Nature's way in order to make large-scale ANNs possible. This thesis deals with one such state-of-the-art indirect approach known as Hypercube-based encoding. Rather than on the encoding itself we are focused on efficient base algorithms, i.e., the EAs which employ the encoding. The motivation lies in a fact that the simulation of the large-scale ANNs is highly computationally demanding, therefore our aim is to significantly reduce the number of fitness function evaluations. In this work, we propose two novel effective algorithms called Genetic Programming with Explicit Fitness Sharing (GPEFS) and Genetic Programming of Augmenting Topologies (GPAT). We compare our two methods to the well-known approaches: Genetic Programming and NEAT showing a significant improvement. The use of the new algorithms is in no way limited to indirect encoding: they are generally usable as well as our novel distance measures for tree structures being their essential part. Besides the main objectives this work deals also with other ANN indirect encodings (Cellular and Edge Encodings) and with novel methods of diversity visualization for Evolutionary Algorithms.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses about development of mobile applications for people with special cognitive needs and it is trying to find solutions for these applications to increase rate of accessibility for this target group on the basis of theoretical and practical knowledge in the area of special education, psychlogy and Information Technology. Individual development phase builds on these foundations and provide interesting insights that gradually define good practice for the development of mobile applications focused on accessibility for this target group. In the design and implementation phase the work focuses on the creation of framework for both developers and assistants, using already proven techniques of software system architectures. The work is based on hypotheses that were tested during the development and description of the thesis deals with the analysis phase and testing.</td>]
[<td>This thesis covers following topics. Research and analysis of current book-
marking and e-learning web applications. Design of web application, that
allows to organize and publish web content package in friendly way. Basic
implementation of such service and placing result online available to general
public. Finally carrying out test that helps to uncover usability issues. I will
also propose future plans.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is development of an application  facilitating automatic generation of reports created using JasperReports and run on an arbitrary relational database. The application communicates with users through a web interface allowing them to manage user accounts, define report templates and their particular instances. Moreover, the  application facilitate users to define and schedule jobs, which automatically generate reports, store the results and send them via email.</td>]
[<td>A few years ago students created a PC program to support the treatment of visually impaired children. I consider this an imperfect solution as the program suffers from programming errors, slow load times for certain scenes and it lacks intuitive controls. The aim of my project was to re-implement this application for mobile and tablet devices, which would make the controls more intuitive and allow children to practice important skills at home and with the help of their parents.
The project met all my expectations and was successfully tested by real users – visually impaired kids. The mobile and tablet application is faster, more reliable and has a superior graphical interface to the PC version.</td>]
[<td>Many big companies have special departments dedicated to Business Intelligence, i.e.~ data processing aimed at supporting management decision making. Semanta corporation delivers a product called Company Encyclopaedia to support such departments. Important part of this product is among others an advanced fulltext engine and a system for
relationship management among particular documents.

This thesis investigates the possibilities of connecting the full-text and relationship features so that information about relationships among documents appears in order and presentation of fulltext search results.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to provide an application for testing and measuring of network applications, especially Peer-to-Peer applications in the environment of science computer network PlanetLab that provides computer nodes spreaded worldwide for experiments.

The application aims to easier testing and measuring by centralized control of these nodes and creating scenarios of the test cases or measurements.

The application has been used for measuring during the development of ELISA framework and results from these measurements are presented in this text.</td>]
[<td>This work solves a problem of real-time estimation of the horizon line in a video-sequence from a camera placed in a moving car. The horizon line is retrieved from decomposition of homography between neighbouring frames of the sequence. The homography is estimated using RANSAC applied to a set of correspondences. This set is calculated by running the KL tracker (implemented on FPGA chip) on a set of areas of interest taken from the part of the frame which contains road. Estimated horizon line can be used in many video-sequence analysis tasks.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with what is actually a social network, what are their brief history. It also discusses specific social network called Twitter, specifically the way we can obtain and process geographic information, analysis technologies for extraction and processing of said data, describing the application and its testing. Visualization will be based on this information and they will be displayed on the world map and using variety of charts.</td>]
[<td>The recently proposed Optimized Cutting Plane Algorithm (OCA) is an efficient method for solving large-scale quadratically regularized risk minimization problems. Existing open-source library LIBOCAS implements the OCA algorithm for two important instances of such problems, namely, the Support Vector Machines algorithms for training linear two-class classifiers (SVM) and for training linear multi-class classifiers (MSVM).  

In this thesis we implemented an extended version of the LIBOCAS library which is able to solve the risk minimization problems with a more generic risk function. In particular, our solver allows the risk to be a generic piece-wise linear function.  We give necessary mathematical background of the OCA algorithm and we describe details of our implementation. We show how to use our generic library to implement solvers for the SVM and the MSVM algorithms. We experimentally compare our implementation with the LIBOCAS on several benchmark data sets. The comparison shows that our library obtains exactly the same solution as the LIBOCAS requiring a comparable convergence time while being able to deal with far more generic risk functions.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor’s project is focused on studying of the COLLADA file format, used primarily to store complex 3d scenes (inluding geometry, materials, textures, light sources, cameras, animation etc.) and also on studying of possible tools intended to process and display the data from this format. The practical outcome of this work will be simple model viewer able to correctly read this format and display the entire 3d scene (or only a little part of it) and also display so-called Scene Graph on the separate window. The end user then will be able to manually choose the distinct nodes on this graph to show them on the main 3d window.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analyses and improvement of administration section of web-based auction portal Nume.cz focused on numismatics. This portal is programmed in PHP using Nette Framework and MySQL database. Thesis is also focused on selection of tool for reporting and data analysis for portal Nume.cz and its deployment in existing application. </td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to explain the process of software re-engineering, main re-engineering approaches, the steps of the process and its importance in regard of improving the maintainability of a software system. 
Such concepts as legacy software, reverse engineering, program re-structuring, software and data refactoring will be explained.
On the example of a real application we will try to pass through the steps of re-engineering process and to evaluate its assets.
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>In our work we have first formalized the current problem of transportation by the taxis when
there are passengers billed same price without respect to the current supply and demand.
We think that the solution of this system should be following. Passengers who are willing
to pay more will travel first and passengers who do not mind waiting will pay less. We also
assume that this system will increase the average income to the taxi drivers.
Afterwards we suggest solution by the algorithm that uses several independently running
auctions where each of them belong to the taxi driver entity. We have also suggested several
algorithms that are helping us to simulate the human behavior which would be in real world
usage made by user or either can be transfered to the automatic system.
Then we have implemented the system that is based on the multi agent simulation plat-
form AgentPolis. The whole system was implemented with respect to good testability of the
critical parts and also with respect of the simulation platform where it can be used as an
integral part of the system.
As the last step we have made several experiments. We have made experiment where we
have simulated high number of taxis and passengers and also some smaller experiments from
which we have composed one big experiment. And as the last from the experiments we have
made was experiment where we have measured the performance of our implemented system.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on creating a new automatic memory system - an 
alternative to garbage collector. The correct moment of object deallocation will be determined during the compilation. Therefore, the memory system will be deterministic. There will be only calls to destructors at run time and no any additional code to find unused objects.

To specify the rules for the memory management, a new language construct called </td>]
[<td>General Order System for support franchise is client-server oriented application implemented in Java programming language used by franchise based business concept. The system consists of couple of modules which are fully configurable and linked up together with the option which way and whether to use all of them or not. The franchiser as a server side predefines the whole system according to exact business requirements and affiliated franchisees use the thick clients to manage inventory in their warehouses, order available items offered by franchiser, exchange messages with server side and last but not least configure the client’s graphical user interface.</td>]
[<td>This thesis follows-up the development of a web application which is used for an easier and comfortable carsharing company functioning. It deals with the Metrocar project history, its previous developers takeover, testing operation activation, bug xing and new features implementation. The major part of the thesis focuses on an analysis, reimplementation and also describes those features that have already been programmed, but were discovered as not suitable for real operation during the development. This thesis also discusses some new features specications that were necessary to add into the application. The nal outcome of this paper is a technical report that will be useful for the next generation of the developers in terms of better and faster project familiarization.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the diploma thesis is to analyze, implement and test new software component that enables integration of social networks into Microsoft Dynamics CRM. This project is divided in two sections. First section is focused on the analysis of social networks and the capabilities of its connectivity to other systems. There is mentioned an overview of key features of Microsoft Dynamics CRM. The analysis leads to the specification of functional concepts whose usage is described. Technically the analysis is focused on API interface that is used for the integration. The outputs from the first section are used as inputs for the second section that deals with the implementation and testing of the software component. The appropriate technology has to be chosen first. The component will connect Microsoft Dynamics CRM with selected social networks. The testing will be accomplished based on the user experience and the requirements will be generalized. The final conclusion will summarize the technical and functional requirements for the social network integration.</td>]
[<td>The performance profiling is a powerful way how to get a valuable insight into software applications. In order to be precise and effective, a performance profiler needs to run with low performance and memory overhead and present the result in a transparent way to a developer. In this thesis we analyze performance profiling in the context of Microsoft .NET platform, with focus on the C\\\\# programming language, and introduce our own implementation of a profiler, the Visual Profiler. The Visual Profiler features tracing and sampling profiling engines together with an innovative way of presenting the profiling results within the integrated development environment Microsoft Visual Studio 2010.</td>]
[<td>Salzella is a domain specific declarative language. Its primary focus lies in the field of music generation. The key principle upon which the language is built can be summarized as follows: For any existing piece of music it should be possible to create a Salzella program which will describe it in a way that running this program will output a piece of music similar to the original. Salzella programs are presumed to be generated rather then written by hand. The sole purpose of Salzella is to make creation of music generating tools easier. Bundling Salzella interpreter with music generating software and using it as an engine can provide a significant level of abstraction and thus make the development of such software a lot easier. Tools built on top of Salzella can generate Salzella programs and let the interpreter worry about the actual music generation. The key structural property of Salzella is extensibility. The algorithms responsible for the actual music generation are distributed in a from of plugins. This allows the creators of the aforesaid music generating software to modify Salzella capabilities to their own liking. To prove that Salzella interpreter can indeed be used as internal engine of music generating tools, a prototype of an algorithm for converting musical pieces into Salzella programs was created. As a side effect of creation of this algorithm, three Salzella extensions were created. These extensions are responsible for: generating a melody, generating a simple harmony and generating a percussive complement. An algorithm for harmony analysis was also created as part of this thesis. This algorithm is used by the conversion algorithm. A development environment which allows its users to easily create and execute Salzella programs was also created as part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design and implementation of voting device hardware for self-government autorities. The device provides voting with help of control interface and display, authenticates voting users by the use of CTU chip cards, and communicates with server (implemented in other diploma thesis, which this thesis complements). The communication with the server is for receive voting informations or send individual votes. The device is connected to the server by ethernet cable (twisted pair), which is used for supplying the device at the same time.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design and implementation of algorithms for detection and classification of astronomical objects. Used algorithms are based on set of detection methods which were desribed in Ing. Elena Anisimova dipoma thesis. The main goal instead of the goals which were described above is to try to optimize used algoritms by relocating main computation load  of critical section of algoritms from main procesor unit(CPU) to computing units located on graphics card(GPU). In this case is used CUDA technology by nVidia Company. By the term to optimize is meant reduce time of computings because one of the main requirement for whole application is speed of processing.

Result of this diploma thesis is the application itself which is processing input video sequences of captured scene of night sky. In this video sequences aplication detects astronomical objects. If the astronomical object which is called meteor was detected in video sequence, the application writes in output files interesting part with additional information of all objects which was appeared in that scene.</td>]
[<td>Work deal with issue of animating SVG vector graphical format. And its implementation for mobile devices with SymbianOS. Work continues on previous works dealing with rendering and parsing of SVG itself.



Result is extension of libraries in C++ language (for SymbianOS), which allows usage of animated SVG in applications under SymbianOS.</td>]
[<td>This thesis points out the importance of software design and motivates to use of design patterns. It explains the reasons and benefits of design and recommends content of the software design document .The biggest part is focused on design patterns, which summarizes, and especially the specific patterns for JEE. The practical part includes a sample project on the JEE platform with part of sample software documentation.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with proposal of using contactless cards MIFARE as an instrument for users 
authorization in the building. MIFARE technology was chosen for reasons its wide spreading in the 
world and the fact that students of CTU and others universities are disposed of this cards. In this 
work is stated design of electronics components and control and communication software. The main 
purpose is build cheap but reliable solution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with design and implementation of editor of adaptive learning materials. Application lets users to create e-learning courses and define adaptive rules for them. Output of application are XML documents which describe complete properties of course. Main goal of implementation is easy-to-use user interface.
In the first part of the thesis the problematics of adaptive systems is described. Then requirements on proper system and technologies are analyzed. At the end of thesis the application is designed and implemented.</td>]
[<td>The work was aimed to create a simulation model demonstrating the SIP protocol. The implementation was done in the simulation tool OMNeT + + with INET Framework extension. There were designed two basic simulation modules SIP-UA and SIP-Proxy. The resulting simulation model is designed to simulate registration and connection for a call. The call can be either set or not set because of reject a call or a packet loss. SIP-Proxy was designed as stateless. This means that it does not record the call duration and other chargeable services.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the demonstration of nature-inspired algorithms, namely neural networks. The implementation is based on Adobe Flash platform. There are implemented neural networks: one perceptron, multilayer perceptron, RBF network, Kohonen network and Hopfield network. All demonstrations of neural networks, including their description, are placed on a web page. The web page should serve as a support material for education purposes in the topic of neural networks. This thesis describes algorithms for neural networks, their implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis deals with a design of visual ontology modelling tool based on Eclipse integrated development environment. The tool should implement basic principles of schematic model rendering and model creation by using ontologies. It also should be capable of saving and loading profiles for possible reusing of existing ontologies. User scripting for transforming models with templates is also demanded.</td>]
[<td>The work analyses the open-source system Intalio, which is focused on problematic of modeling and simulation of business processes. The work is concentrated on practical usage of Intalio instruments and there is developed an example of business process, where is described all phases of business process modeling and problems, arisen during process development. In the final part of the work, there is created an extension module for visualization support of KPI (Key Process Indicators) monitoring of implemented business process. Intalio system in its basic version does not offer such a module.  </td>]
[<td>Topic of this bachelor thesis is a design of a project that uses boards with FPGA chip according to requirements of school subject JPO. The board is used to practice data and control paths in the lessons. This bachelor thesis presents and solves typical tasks in the JPO subject with detailed description of the model task and manual, how to work with the project.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to design and develop a system for evidence inspections of classes. This application will be used at the CTU in Prague Faculty of Electrical Engineering. Reason to create the system is to relieve the administrative burden that increases with increase in the number of observations. The application is based on the existing processes of management inspections for the study program STM. The application is created on the platform of Ruby on Rails and builds on a prototype application. The real development of the application is headed by an iterative method of software development. The resulting application is deployed at https://kvalitavyuky.felk.cvut.cz. I have demonstrated the functionality of the on-going observation in the summer semester 2011/2012.</td>]
[<td>This work describe design and implementation distributed storage. The result this thesis is program, witch can simply and secure save your data into network. This thesis also show direction for next development. </td>]
[<td>In addition to data consistency, security is the most important aspect of any larger application. This part of application is not publicly viewable, but crucial for owners of system. Of course there are some frameworks helping to secure application. Choosing the right framework
for Java EE 6 applications is one of the problems being solved in that thesis. It will introduce you to Seam 3 Security, show you using it in real role-based system and provide you information about extending framework for use in real application.</td>]
[<td>Implementation of Continuous Integration system on a large long-term developed project to increase reliability and reduce times of system integration as well as clarifying and improving the development process.</td>]
[<td>In this modern and rush age there is expected that every employee will create their task and refer outputs. Entering these tasks and their record is time, money and effort consuming. Information systems are nowadays integral part of organization structure and they make work easier to all people who use them. These systems are known as e-learning systems in university campus. This bachelor thesis is focused on development of the information system in Java language, which facilitate task entering, managing and submissioning. In the
first part is introduced the design of the system and in the second part is introduced the implementation and testing of the software.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this diploma project is to analyze SKODA ELECTRIC's diagnostic software usage system. The main goal of this project is to implement proposed solution in the form of license server, that solves problems found in the old system. The server sits in the middle of newly suggested distributed system. License server is composed of many components and the thesis describes them through all of the software lifecycle phases. In the end the server is to be tested in configured testing enviroment to prove the concept.</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor’s work, several structural and functional changes were made in the cashier module of restaurant system CashBob, moving it to the state comparable with commercial systems of same kind, and with regards to main use cases. Changes were directed in the manner which should allow an easy use of the program and its deployment to the real workspace, which included changes to the main application and also little to its server part.

These changes include all from data-model alternations, changes of logic in processing and passing of information, to unification and optimization of graphical user interface, which also required significant modifications in the source code, making it more meeting with modern principles and conventions.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the analysis, design and implementation of the terminal and registration part of the E-voting system. It enables the voting itself and logging into the system using the local terminal which communicates with the server via the https protocol. The work also deals with the modern trends in the electronical voting branch, different types of the authorization and authentification of the voters and further with the various types of the results evaluation. The main benefit of the system is at most the easement of the voting process iteself, gaining the results and evaluation. It also provides the reduction of needed number of supervising persons and related expenses.</td>]
[<td>Object-relational mapping is a common programming technique used to accelerate development of software applications. Our project is focusing on this problematic domain and trying to move it further towards automation. Our goal is to change the database schema corresponding with the changes made in application object model, without any data loss. The focus on data consistency during database changes is what makes our project unique among others. My part of work on the project focuses mainly on database model-to-model and model-to text transformations. By deploying the project into practice, we expect increased efficiency of programmers, who will no longer have to deal with the database regeneration.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis tries to clarify to the reader the procedure of web page creation, which serves as a hotel reservation system. The main aim of the thesis is co create a system, which shall be able to search for the hotels, make reservations of such hotels and integrate the whole result into the ProTurism system. This system should enable its users to search for the hotels based on given preferences, as well as to filter the final results subsequently. The project development, more precisely its implementation part is based on the Spring framework with ORM tool integration named as Hibernate. Moreover, this thesis tries to demonstrate the project deployment to a remote server and the record of usability testing in action. The individual chapters individually deal with the project description, consequent analysis, implementation and testing part.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the frequency analysis of musical audio signal. It describes the basic
concepts in signal processing. The work deals with the possibility of transferring the music signal
into musical notation, using discrete wavelet transform. The work of the components processing
string to SMF, and implementation of these components in any programming language.</td>]
[<td>This paper deal with problems of passive optical access networks. Investigate historical developments of individual PON standards and outlines future developments. The objective of this work is to provide a comprehensive view at the draft of PON networks and their practical deployment for the conection of end users. The work involved the implementation of functional PON network and its design to ensure the quality of multimedia and networks services.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a prototype of diagnostic software that allows send a hex file to control unit, decoding and visualisation offline graphs and the event lists. The software is based on the NetBeans RCP platform's modular architecture and thus written in Java. It uses the ©KODA ELETRIC a.s. proprietary protocol for control units. </td>]
[<td>This work deals with practical use of data mining methods in area of dental age determination. In theoretical part user is acquainted with problem of age estimation and with most frequently used medical methods for its determination. Next it describes basic principle of function of used data mining methods. Aim of this work is application of these methods to supplied data and evaluation of theirs accuracy. In the end reached results are compared to previous research based on another population.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is analysis and development of a compiler from Vala to Javascript
language.
The compiler is designed and implemented to increase efficiency of work in web
development. The compiler is implemented using standard methods for compiler constructions.
These methods allow to create maintainable and modular compiler that performs conversion
from one language to another language.

Whole thesis is divided into several parts. The first important part describes 
motivation and explains theory about compiler constructions.
Another section is devoted to compiler realization and briefly describes 
main implementation parts.
Finally, the last chapter is devoted to the description of used testing methods.</td>]
[<td>PLC (Power line communications) is a technology using powerlines for transmitting data. Its narrowband alteration is being developed mainly within the area of automated meter reading (electric, gas) nowdays. There is a lot of solutions that need to be tested and simulated prior to putting into practice. This thesis deals with preparing the OMNeT++ simulation environment for purposes of simulating the narrowband service. The simulator will enable to assemble a model of the tested network and to check the functionality of the solutions proposed.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to propose new visualization capabilities of AgentFly simulation software and then implement them in Java programming language as new visualization modules. After introduction to AgentFly system, requirements analysis of new visualization components are presented. The main part of this work deals with the design and implementation of individual proposed modules. The aim was to expand the visualization with simulation related information so that users can easily work with the system. Another goal was to facilitate further development of the system. The objectives have been met, there have been implemented several modules extending visualization.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with solving software support of invoicing process in a small internet shop. It defines requirements for the system and describes existing solutions of the problem. It includes analysis and design of the system. The main goal is implementation of invoicing application in PHP using Nette framework.</td>]
[<td>Multiplatform web application, which is designed for def/mute people and other users. This application allow users to make audio-calls, video-calls, text chat, file transfer and audio/video conference calls. The application is programmed in Adobe Flex technology.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this bachelor's work is to extend the libnfc library about new contactless reader. This contactless reader is called EM4094. It is intended to implement support for the libnfc library for a basically functionality. The focus will be placed for integration of implemented extension and is planned this device's support for next releases to expand usage of this library in practice.</td>]
[<td>The project deals with creation of a client (mobile application) for record keeping of traffic offenses through mobile phones. This application should simplify the work of police officers with issuing parking tickets and controling car parking. Elimination of paper pads, options of selecting frequent values and automatic pre-filling will accelerate the work and  the availability of information in digital form will simplify the subsequent administration.

This paper deals with analyzing the problem, designing the application, the actual development of the application and testing it. Java programming language was used for the development and the target devices are phones running Android. Application interacts with the server part of the system, which is dealt with by Pavel Bro¾ in his thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with identity federation with focus on deploying OpenID technology to the Microsoft Azure cloud. Work results in a modified JanRain OpenID PHP library which uses Azure Storage or SQL Azure as a data backend. Hence, it can be deployed on the MS Azure using multiple virtual server instances. The library is then used in the implementation of the wiki system DokuWiki OpenID extension. Result of this part is a DokuWiki plugin enabling OpenID authentication and authorization based on user attributes fetched from the OpenID identity.</td>]
[<td>This work sumarizes options and features of the phone call in Android operating system. Features of the phone call can be extended by ability to use a gsm exchange. This work discusses advantages and disadvantages of this solution. Second half of this work covers desing, implementation and testing the gsm exchange application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis, development and testing of e-learning system to support teaching. The emphasis is on creating and filling tests with a special type added, a learning test. The portal also cooperates with some Google services, such as Docs and Groups. Result of the work is a web application that will be used for education by non-profit organization and for teaching in high school.</td>]
[<td>The general purpose of this thesis is creating the automatic procedure for design a digital system directly from its formal model to its HW-SW implementation into specific type of the programmable hardware device (FPGA). We have chosen Spartan 3E and ML401 as a implementation platform. As a specific model selected kind of intersection was chosen and it was described in JARP program. The output of JARP program is the model of intersection in PNML language. As a part of this project a compiler from PNML language to synthesizable VHDL language was designed, developed and described. This compiler has been tested on the input model intersection.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this project is to create an application intended for people who suffer from Alzheimer’s disease at an early stage. This application should serve as a secondary human memory. The user starts the application, then place the telephone, for example, in to his breast pocket and application captures photos in a short time intervals. Captured photos can be viewed in a classic way or as a speed-up slideshow. The application also includes web pages, which serves for remote application setup. The graphical user interface, functionality, manageability and lucidity of the application was tested. The results showed no major obstacles, which could prevent application from being used. Furthermore the result provided recommendation for future improvements.</td>]
[<td>One of the most important aspect of software project design is good chosen architecture. These days a few different architectures are used. Some of them have been used for many years, some of them appeared recently, and some are becoming more and more popular. In the first part of the thesis, architecture approaches and trends will be introduced and described.

In the second part, the thesis explores methodologies to software architecture evaluation. The evaluation is demonstrated on BugTrack - a web based issue tracking system. For the purpose of evaluating, the demonstration selected was the Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method (ATAM).</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a system for online testing of students. In the first place the work is meant to be used at CTU. The system should help teachers to make the work with creating, assiging and correcting tests more effective. To students it should bring a quick and objective evaluation of the completed tests and the ability to clearly view their results in one place.
The thesis is divided into two parts. One is primarily devoted to the application layer. With this part is dealing my colleague Petr Nejedlý in his undergraduate work. I am working on the second part, the user interface.</td>]
[<td>My Bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with a design of laboratory exercise on the modern computer bus PCI Express. It describes the main features of the PCI Express bus and is especially focused on its communication protocol. In the thesis there are described the basic principles of the communication protocol, the goals of the laboratory exercise, the possible alternatives of the hardware and software experiments ´realization as well as the description of the proposed experiments itself.

All of these bases form a meaningful unit for the successful implementation of measurement and classification into education. The contribution of laboratory exercises lies on this real communication because a student can more simply understand the basic principles of the communication protocol PCI Express and that also means their understanding of the communication on this bus.</td>]
[<td>This paper presents the design and implementation of library management access rights in the programming language Ruby.

The library is designed for object XML database and is solved using the Access Control List. Library used for storing and querying the database itself, which communicates with the protocol for remote procedure call and for quering uses current query languages. The functionality of the library was developed and tested on eXist-db. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement a hyper neural network that has a topology with limited number inputs of individual neurons and uses genetic programming as the learning algorithm. 

Parallelization of this neural network is done with use of OpenCL standard which allows running it on wide range of devices. 

From the learning algorithms two methods are presented and implemented - a method that performs genetic evolution of trees of simple action and a method implements the idea of search in the compressed space and uses a matrices of coefficients of discrete cosine transformation. 

At the end the performance of the block neural - cornerstone of this network - is tested.</td>]
[<td>This work describes implementation of computer network management application. Communication between individual agents and managers is accomplished by XML based protocol. This protocol complements and extends common SNMP protocol. The management application is implemented as a JSP based web application. By implementing this application the long term project of creating a XML based network management system is accomplished. This work is continuation of this project, that has been started in another Master\\\'s Theses.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to implement a firewall with dynamic configuration in the model of Cisco router. My work builds on previous theses by Ing. Jan Michek and Ing. Martin Kubi¹ta, it combines and expands them. The project is being developed in the simulation tool OMNeT++ in conjunction with INET Framework. Dynamic configuration is realized through a console and tries to emulate the real configuration of Cisco routers as closely as possible. The final project is eventually tested in a demo simulation.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to create tool for developers, which allows them to manage tasks from different services. The tool will be built on a platform of Titanium. An integral part of developing this application will be testing. The aim is to facilitate the application users' work with tasks from different resources / services.</td>]
[<td>In this work, I tried to implement my own virtual instrument in the VST standard, which could be practically used in musical composing and performing. The thesis is about software creation of sound, description of significant methods, which are used for the creation of sound in computer, and also their advantages and disadvantages. For each method are selected the most important or historically interesting examples of synthesizers, that uses the method for generating the sound.
	The result of this work is a program, virtual synthesizer, which meets the VST standard and also the songs that have been created during the testing.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is the optimization of web pages in terms of usability and User Experience. The introduction deals with the analysis of usability problems and User Experience of specific sites. The second part deals with the design of new solutions and suggestions for any interaction problems found. The third part deals with the testing of implemented changes with real users, resulting in web pages which are optimized in terms of usability and User Experience. </td>]
[<td>In this master's thesis we design and implement an encryption service for the Android platform including a developer's interface through which Android applications can communicate with the service. Android application developers can make use of the interface and develop applications in which user's data is protected against the attacks of an adversary. We develop a sample application to demonstrate how the service can be accessed. Using these applications, smartphone users can store different kinds of private and sensitive data on their devices, without being afraid of information compromise e.g. in case of a device loss.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with a limited range of wireless standard ZigBee and possibilities of its extension. Result of this work is the implementation of transparent bridge that extends the reach by tunneling original ZigBee communication through TCP/IP.</td>]
[<td>This work is about the toolkit for inquiry learning. The aim is to design and implement multi-user web application with selected JavaEE technologies. The application have to allow to create variety learning scenarios in which the users learn. In the selected scenario is recorded history of user's steps, which are then used to visualize the summarized data, to search for inconsistencies in user behavior and to predict the optimal step in learning.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is modernization of company information system, which is focused on management warehouse and production. There will be described analysis of the current state of information system and evaluated main errors and shortcomings. On the basis of the analysis will ensue design appropriate improvements and the addition of further functionalities that can improve the company information system. It will be also important to choose suitable technology that enables these improvements. Then I will be concerned with implementation of the new system and finally, I will make a comparison of designed solution with the original. The result of the work should be complete design, working prototype of the new system and this document. </td>]
[<td>This Bachelor's thesis deals with development of state diagram generating software for various nanoparticle systems. The introductory section describes colloidal nanoparticle systems and their status transitions. The following section focuses on analysis and draft of the application based on the NetBeans Platform with the aid of JFreeChart and knowledge of nanopartical systems. Another section is devoted to my own software implementation results. The nal section provides the testing methods I applied with the aim o verify the present application. The resulting state diagram is important for applications in eld of composite materials and nano- and micro-electromechanical systems such as sensors or actuators.</td>]
[<td>This work presents design and implementation of a processor based on a reduced MIPS32 architecture on FPGA. Instruction set of this processor can be extended by custom coprocessors. The processor implements only part of the MIPS32 instruction set neccessary for this work.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of an autonomous application for the automated control of the doors' interim storage. It uses basic graph algorithms for planning the door stack movements and informed search algorithms with usage of heuristic function for the door stacks placement optimalization.
The goal of the thesis is full automation of interim storage and optimalization of it's work.</td>]
[<td>This project deals with the design and the implementation of an application which emulates
a phone application designed for Cisco IP phones. This application allows to control the
phone application with a keyboard and a mouse and is able to control the phone application
through a touch screen as well. The graphics presentation of the phone application in the
emulator is the same as on the physical phone.</td>]
[<td>Issue tracking systems play important role in development of any software product. Help control project development, information sharing, resource assignment and so improve whole development process. This bachelor's thesis aims at creating web services for the issue tracking system BugTrack together with a desktop client that uses it. At the beginning of the thesis we compare existing solutions, then we show existing types of web services implementation. The following sections deal with the analysis, design and implementation of web services and desktop client. The last part deals with testing, followed by a summary and discussion of future development possibilities.</td>]
[<td>This work brings methodology of design a virtualization cluster, its experience and verification of real-world virtualization cluster, proposed by this methodology. I deal with storage, computer, network and software parts disassembled to the level of individual components during the design of methodology . I indicate for each component , in which cases it is advisable to use them. I mention also about other important aspects of the cluster, like solution for the power, cooling and physical security. I designed the tables, to assist in the application of the methodology, to simplify application of the methodology .  In the chapter Application of the methodology I verified its functionality and applied it for a choice of virtualization cluster for the Student Union CTU. I emphasize on the trade-off between the final price of the cluster and its accessibility, when applying the methodology. The chapter Implementation describes the experience of purchasing, installing and configuring the cluster. In the conclusion chapter I summarize the knowledge that I gained during the creation of this work and the implementation of the cluster.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the ZigBee standard and its implementation in the XBee module series 2. The main objectives are connect XBee module to the computer, reprogramming XBee module and develop firmware for a microcontroller able to control the XBee module over UART.
The last part of this thesis was to measure the signal strength depending on distance using the XBee module.</td>]
[<td>The content of my work is to design decentralised distributed game environment of virtual world. I analyse and compare centralised and decentralised architectures and describe pros and cons using for game environment and influence on the playability. One part of this work is design and implementation of the game environments.</td>]
[<td>The development of commercial software applications currently must meet a number of demanding criteria to get ahead in the market and was positively perceived by customers. The critical period appears to be mainly from identification of needs of end clients to deliver the required application. The customer also requires high quality and inexpensive solutions based on proven principles.

Long-term vision of company providing software solutions directs with respect to financial sustainability to product development. In the introductory part of the thesis I deal with the characteristic features of such a development, its life cycle and basic models of its management. Successful implementation of product development depends not only on the selected architecture for product family, but also on the choice of the development cycle. Based on the G6 architecture model for product solutions of BSC company I describe a method of development in accordance with practices established by countinuous integration.

The main topic of this thesis is to identify deficiencies in the current development model and propose solutions for efficient management of developmental lines, and their release into the customer environment. In the case study I analyze the behavior of members of the development team and their requirements for monitoring changes in the product solution. Emphasis is placed on a flexible model for change management of source code to ensure its quality during development and after integration into a common lineage. In the remainder I push ahead the application design extending services provided by infrastructure to the development team. Using the potential of dedicated tools covering parts of the development life cycle forms the application as basis model for modern change management of product solutions.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the creation of desktop application with comfortable graphical interface, which will be able to control DLNA server MiniDLNA. This desktop application provides REST HTTP interface, through which it can be remotely controlled. Also, it includes application for mobile system Android that uses REST interface to control desktop part.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to show open machine-readable data publishing according to Linked Data principles and to demonstrate their exploitation in web applications for the public procurement domain.
This thesis contains the relational database design for a part of data from the Publishing Subsystem of the Public Procurements Information System and contains the design and implementation description of application, which enables mine and save this data. Also it describes a method for publishing of the data in RDF format according to Linked Data principles. The thesis result is a sample web application working with the published data and demonstrating the combination with an other RDF data source.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's project is concerned on implementation of verification of trusted time stamps in e-mail client. The structure of trusted time stamp and its verification is examined in detail from point of view of the normative documents and the law of the Czech Republic.

The time stamp verification was implemented as an extension for the e-mail client Mozilla Thunderbird in Java language with utilization of the Bouncy Castle cryptographic library.</td>]
[<td>This thesis concerns the topic of tracking soccer players. The problem is to
select the best from relevant methods for tracking a single soccer player in
a low-resolution video sequence captured by a single static camera. Achiev-
ing this is the basis for developing a system for tracking soccer players in
low-resolution videos with multi-camera approach, which is the project as-
signed by the Software Competence Center Hagenberg (SCCH, Austria) in
collaboration with the Center for Machine Perception (CMP, Prague).
The kernel-based object tracking method with background-weighted his-
togram and motion prediction was implemented. It outperformed other re-
lated state-of-the-art methods with about 90% tracking success rate on ve
soccer sequences. It achieves a real-time processing speed of 250 frames per
second.</td>]
[<td>With the ubiquitous boom of the software related technologies, the long-term impact on the world of the automotive domain is, indeed, substantial. As of today, software plays undoubtedly the leading role as the main automotive innovation driver. However, with great power, comes great responsibility and so, owing to the massively evolving complexity, the feasibility of a safe software and hardware cooperation, has come into question.

The thesis shares a common ground with the approach of modeling the automotive domain in terms of the functional interplay form a logical perspective. In addition, it aims to tackle the immense model complexity by introducing the means of Domain Knowledge hierarchies founded on the object oriented principles. Not only does it evaluate the possible role of such principles within the automotive domain per se, but also using the assembled industry based example, builds up the underlaying object oriented Domain Knowledge hierarchies. Furthermore, it delivers necessary measures for both extension and maintenance of such hierarchies. Despite the theoretical angle of the thesis it demonstrates the usability of presented claims by implementation of a prototype modeling tool accompanied by a retrospective metrics comparison. Finally, it addresses the needs of the global perspective overview by introducing another related project from the field of the automotive domain.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to create a module of Project documentation tool which deals with support of team development. The thesis describes analysis, implementation and testing of the Tool. The chosen testing method is usability testing. In addition, the thesis describes issues of knowledge management. The knowledge management is fast growing area in nowadays. The systematic work with knowledge offers to organizations great competitive advantage. 
Attachments of the thesis include database models and user’s guide. The user’s guide fully describes all system functions. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is aimed at implemetation of support software for experimental measurements of links with low elevation, using a remote remote controlled airship. The main target is to create a user friendly application with graﬁcal user interface for ﬁrst order analysis. Concretely, the analysis of the best ﬁt with theoretical fading models, ﬁltration and export of analysed data.
The application is meant for follow-up measurements/experiments that were launched by the ESA PECS project.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement Tivoli Provisioning Manager (TPM) workflows for automatic provisioning of Microsoft SQL Server 2005 database in private cloud environment - IBM Service Delivery Manager (ISDM). The master thesis itself also describes the implementation of workflows for Windows-based server deployment into the real environment, the creation of new module for special service metering and finally mentions the design and the implementation of DCM Object Browser application. Next main parts of this work are the small recherche of virtualization in the cloud environments and the basic cloud concepts description including top-down analysis of the main ISDM components.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to find an optimal search algorithm working on a long sorted array of numbers (endpoints) stored on a HDD. Several solutions are proposed and discussed here. The algorithm giving the best theoretical results is chosen at the end of discussion and is implemented in C programming language. The final application is then tested on test data and a time of execution is measured. The main parameter of the test is successively adjusted and its influence on execution time is observed. </td>]
[<td>The purpose of this diploma thesis is to create a system design of the digital core of a Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tag based on a simple microcontroller. The design is based on the requirements of the ISO/IEC 16593 standard. It analyzes the specifics of RFID communication and efficient microcontroller design. It further examines the requirements and limitations while designing a microcontroller for the above specified ISO standard. The focus is on higher flexibility of the designed core to allow connection of external support units. The design is then implemented into VHSIC hardware description language (VHDL) that is to be programmed in to a Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). The test implementation verifies the functionality of the design for a limited set of commands from the abovementioned ISO standard. The simulation is based on sending and receiving data frames defined in the standard. For the purpose of this simulation a demo firmware was written and used.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s project describes the process of analysis, implementation and testing of Mo- bile Issue, iOS application for management of issues of projects hosted on Github, Assembla and Google code.
Users will be able to download this application from the AppStore and easily keep track of what is the status of projects they care about. They can also create a new issue, change status of an issue or comment on existing issue. Users can also group their projects the way they want, no matter where they are hosted.</td>]
[<td>This thesis examines the use of data mining methods in medicine, particularly the CTG measurement of mother and fetal before and during delivery The aim of the work is to predict pH of umbilical cord blood. This will help specialists to asses the risk level during delivery. Using the CRISP-DM methodology I try to find the most accurate method (linear regression, zero regression, neural networks and support vector machines). The data are processed in phases: selection of appropriate attributes in WEKA software, followed by modelling in RapidMiner application. The resulting models are verified by a combination of exploratory and conformational analysis. The work covers also a description of the workflow in programs WEKA and RapidMiner. The outcome is a comprehensive knowledge discovery system applicable to generic CTG data. This work uses data obtained from clinic in Brno.</td>]
[<td>This thesis has come to existence to help fulfil the requirement for creating a meta-features database which arose within the FAKE GAME project. Its main objective is to present a concept that will allow to accomplish this goal. In research section of this work, an introduction to the subject of data-mining and to the FAKE GAME project is given.  In next section, the RapidMiner system, as a platform on which the solution will be implemented, is inquired. In implementation section, the proposed solution is presented and tested. The paper is complemented by the user manual</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to create a data generation framework, written in Java, that will facilitate generation of instances of EMF models. The project designs and implements Data Definition Model, a decoration model of Ecore models, and Data Generator that generates data-filled instances of the input EMF domain models. The final product is implemented as Eclipse plug-ins installable into Eclipse IDE. The framework potential is demonstrated on the Company example. In addition, other existing open source solutions for synthetic data generation are outlined.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor's project deals with creating an online testing system, used for the testing of students, specifically CTU students. The goal of this bachelor's project is to make the testing more effective by getting the results faster and more objectively. The bachelor's project is divided into two parts. Backend, which deals with main logic, and frontend, which creates the user interface.</td>]
[<td>This graduation thesis is engaged in problems of ETL processes in Teradata datawarehouse.
Summarize possibilities of design and optimization of data warehousing, teoretical possibilities
of SQL queries optimization, advantages of ETL tool and practical application of
optimization to real ETL process in data warehousing.</td>]
[<td>This project is used to introduce, build and program LEGO MINDSTORMS. Here are assembled and programmed two tasks, where the first task is used for exhibitions and the other task as the competing one. At the end of this work, a web page is created that contains all of these tasks, should it be design plans, or programs for the NXT cube, etc. This work is used as a tool for teaching the subject Roboti (Robots) under the code A3B99RO.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis concerns the analysis of technologies used in known file sharing networks, particular characteristic of their protocols and their eventual potential. Result of this work is a protocol concept of new decentralized network based on distributed hash table and its sample implementation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement application handled from Touch Screen Kiosk. This will serve to download English articles from servers contained news and will present it in a short form to user by help of some free summarization technologies, e.g. Java Text Mining Toolkit. An existing project “Talking head” was used to present and read these articles.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with designing and implementation of an application used for browsing a map data for the mobile operating system Android. It uses the accelerated graphic environment OpenGL ES for map rendering. The main purpose of this application is to display maps offline although it can use a map data from available web services. While online the application also supports a point of interest searching. Another feature of this application is creating of map files in the  SQLite format from a geographical data of the OpenStreetMap project. This feature is handled by the server part of this application and provides an ability to generate a map data in a various visual styles.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to compare two application frameworks Spring Framework and JBoss Seam with respect to their suitability for the creation of the ordering system on the Internet. The ordering system will work in a client-server network architecture, and will focus on
ordering services for tradesmen and small businesses. The result of my work is a program that demonstrates the application of the chosen framework for this kind of application.</td>]
[<td>The main point of document is the description of an application that allows administration without switching to the separate administration interface. All administration is through the user friendly WYSIWYG editor and provides direct feedback of web aplication wich is developed. The aplication includes a library functions for develop web aplication and creating widgets for web aplications. Part of project is an example of use.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to design and implement tool intented for creating armies for game system Warhammer. Armies will be defined using XML file and then imported to system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with options of creating a simple business portal. The portal is a fundamental point of business communication and allow employees to share and manage business data. The work includes a comparison of options, especially concerning advantages and disadvantages. Then, realization of the portal is discussed in detail, beginning with analysis, consisting mainly of requirements and use cases specification, to the actual implementation. The web portal is implemented on ASP.NET platform and the emphasis is on ASP.NET technologies.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement universal mobility module for OMNeT++ simulator. Mobility module is able to execute commands in XML format. The goal is to create larger simulation of complex ad hoc network where some nodes are using this mobility module. Nodes communicate using implemented dynamic routing algorithm.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the design of the part of web System Proturism to support social activities. Specifically it focuses on administration of the upcoming and ongoing events in different places of the Czech Republic and on planning trips with map support through web services. It also deals with connection of this web with social networks Facebook, Google+
and Twitter.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to study current possibilities of simulation platforms for digital design engineering on TLM (Transaction level modeling). Main insistence is provided to simulation tool SystemC, which is detailed described how to create TLM and RTL models, even refining this model from TLM to RTL. One part of this work includes also a set of particular samples clarifying new concepts on particular examples. At the end of the work are briefly mentioned ability to create TLM models in currently most used HDLs (VHDL, Verilog).</td>]
[<td>Transportation is a fundemental element of today society. However, the increasing number
of private vehicles can result in its collapse. Therefore, it is necessary to address this problem.
One of the possible solution is to use taxi cabs as a part of the public transportation.
The thesis introduces several ways how to integrate taxies into the public transportation.
A concept of shared taxi with multiple boarding and output places is explored. The problem is
formulated as an optimization task. It is solved by heuristic algorithm that divides passengers
into suitable groups.
The presented model is analyzed and experimentaly evaluated in a multi-agent simulation.
The experiments provides a view of situations when shared taxi cabs are useful.
Results shows, that taxisharing could reach high occupancy and low cost, especially during
evening rush hours.</td>]
[<td>This thesis summarizes the properties and possibilities of the CityEngine software, used for the modelling of urban environments. It gives examples of historical buildings and demonstrates various ways of using CGA grammar, which is meant for modelling of urban built-up area. The grammar serving for creating a model as a true copy of reality is presented on the building of “U Rotta” ironmonger\\\'s. The architecture in Malostranske namesti (Lesser Town Square) is the groundwork for the grammar that generates models consisting of the combination of multiple elements of various real buildings. At last an apparatus serving for the comparison of generated models with the reality is designed and applied.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to evaluate the impact of Internet Protocol version 6 on attack tech-
niques and the capability of their detection using Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS). CAMNEP
as a representative of IDS is introduced with its detection techniques. Also protocol version 6
is introduced along with attack techniques using either protocol version 4 or version 6. Their
similarities and differences are shown and then sample attacks are performed and evaluated by
CAMNEP. Results are confronted with expectations and suggestions for adaptations are raised.
</td>]
[<td>This work is about another kind of topology control. The proposed algorithm (MDMA) uses sector turning antennas and the obtained results are based on discrete simulation. The implementation has been realised in the OMNeT++ environment completed with the Mobility Framework extension, which adds support for wireless networks. OMNeT++ works with isotropic antennas only and therefore it needs to be modified to support anisotropic (sector) antennas. The simulated communication follows the rules of CSMA already implemented in the Mobility Framework.</td>]
[<td>An integral part of an object-oriented software design is a creation of models, which are necessary premise for successful and rapid implementation of a software. One of the possible ways of a creation of models is graphical standard UML. In this thesis are presented possibilities, how a software can be modeled without the need for graphical models, which are replaced by textual models.

The main goal of this thesis is an analysis of existing languages used for a textual modeling of a software application. Each language is evaluated according to defined criteria to show if they meet their potential. Based on the evaluation, it is proposed and presented language called EarlGrey.</td>]
[<td>Práce se zabývá problematikou webových mashupù, neboli webových aplikací, které kombinují více externích datových zdrojù. Práce analyzuje pøínosy a hlavní úskalí integrace datových zdrojù tøetích stran na webu a identifikuje nejroz¹íøenìj¹í technologie v této oblasti. Souèástí práce je návrh a implementace mashupu datových zdrojù z oblasti filmù na platformì Java.</td>]
[<td>The task of this thesis is to analyse the original system of marking used at the
school and then to design and implement a new system.
</td>]
[<td>This work's focus is the new version of USB, namely USB Superspeed (USB 3.0). It consists of two parts. First part is describing the USB SuperSpeed and is based on layered model. At first, the general attributes, architecture and data transfer model are presented, followed by description of layers responsible for bus functionality and lastly the application of bus and educational module is described. The educational module is the second part of this work and can be characterized as learning tool, which will be added to already existing system. Educational module is based on the first part of this work.</td>]
[<td>Bakaláøská práce se zabývá návrhem a implementací redakèního systému pro správu obsahu webu. Systém skládá ze dvou èastí – administraci a veøejné. Administraèní èást pracuje s data v databáze. Ve veøejné èastí jen natahuji data z databázi a zobrazuji jich v pøipraveném u¾ivatelem ¹ablonu. Vytvoøeni ¹ablony, jako i struktury veøejné èastí, která je tvoøena pomoci funkce systémù, je nechána na u¾ivatelé. Systém je realizován v php/MySQL/JavaScript a je funkèní. </td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis is about creating library of functions in Ruby language. It provides a simple way to render a dynamic text effectively using predefined templates.

It is possible to reach excellent results in speed and quality by Cairo (a library used to provide a vector graphics-based API) and Pango (a library used for laying out and rendering text in high quality) libraries used in GTK2 (a widget toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces). Result can be exported into many image formats and also GUI (graphical user interface) applications by Cairo and GTK2. Library provides interface to draw image in Ruby language and capabilities to process XML documents. Validity of XML documents and possibilities of library are specified by DTD.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is aimed to design and implement information system to manage and record a municipality properties and related agendas which should serve to simplify the administrative work of the municipality and also to increase the public awareness. This bachelor thesis was divided into two main parts. In the first part I dealt with the theoretical basis of the solution and I dealt with the practical application of such a proposal.In the second part with the use of the theoretical knowledge acquired in the first part, I designed the solution and implementation of information system of the municipality. In this part I presented the segments of the structure of such a system. I suggested the implementation by the means of content management system Wordpress, mainly because of its high flexibility.In this part, I pointed out examples of practical implementation of an information system using process diagrams. Here, as an example, I proposed and presented an example related to achieving a building permit in a number of possible cases, especially with the building permit with and without territorial decision.</td>]
[<td>In connection with the expansion of mobile devices with the Internet connection availability and the ability to determine their own position, a number of services using this features were founded – so called „location based services“. Some of these services enable users to search in different places in their vicinity, to establish „check-in“ there, enabling then sharing with other friends.

Aggregator of geolocation based social networks combines similar functionality of services Foursquare, Gowalla, Facebook and Google Places into one web application – offering a single search in the databases of places across these services including merging the same places from different services and aggregation of some of the social features: check-in to multiple services at once or retrieving the last position of friends using these services.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes an instant messaging library libpurple and a voice and video calling library libjingle.
Basic functions of these libraries are made accessible from the web browser via NPAPI plugin. The plugin is created
by the FireBreath toolkit. The result of this work is a prototype of a web user interface usable
for basic text, audio and video communication. All implementation details are well documented so that the work can
be easily used in the further development.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is GalleryManager, simple image editor and photo-organizer. This cross-platform graphical application organizes pictures into folders called galleries including their full description. Graphic editor allows to carry out simple image editing: rotation-resizing, changes of brightness, contrast and saturation and conversion of coloured images into black and white. Individual galleries and photos can be documented not only by adding names and descriptions, but also with embedded image metadata. Output from the program is a web presentation.

Focus was given on speed of image processing and possibility to expand the application with additional functionalities. Program supports images in JPEG format and 8-bit colour depth.</td>]
[<td>Intelligent buildings and building automation are one of the fields, which is rapidly growing due to the boom of modern information technologies. Another technic phenomenon are smartphones with independent Internet connection allowing to access network data from almost any location.

Aim of this work is to connect those two trends and provide much more comfortable way how users could manage devices and system in intelligent buildings by simply using their smartphones.
	
This work describes analysis, design and implementation of useful mobile application, which extends administration interface of existing building management system called SmartBuildings.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to analyze given routing protocols for PLC networks. Then implement and simulate these protocols  using OMNeT++ simulation framework and finally compare gained results. The two protocols was chosen RIP and Adaptive channel state routing algorithm.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with an design and an implementation of a library which uses locating services for mobile platform Android. It tries to point out the important aspects and other recommendations during its development. Extendable library is a part of the implementation. The implementation further contains a server part for management of objects which are meant to be showing on a map and an interface for communication with the library. Possible usage of the library is demonstrated on a real aplication.</td>]
[<td>The hesis deals with a simple wireless sensors network. Network utilizes modules ZigBee wireless communications technology for the data collection. The thesis proposes the basic measuring modules for their possible future expansion. For the presentation of measured data, the proposal uses an external Web server. The Network is connected to this Web server with WiFi networks. The thesis deals the implementation of the proposed modules and  with web presentation of measured data. The conclusion  the thesis assesses the design and achieved parameters of the network.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to technical analysis of Office Open XML file format. Results of analysis are then used for designing and implementation of the application prototype, which allows publishing of Office Open XML file content on Wiki website.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis researches technologies of semantic web and their practical use to
create a functional aplication. The aim of this work is to design and create applicaton that will
work with existing FOAF onthology and semantic data storage. Application will synoptically
describe how to design such application and illustrate programming with technologies used
to create this application.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor's project is to install a suitable distribution of uCLinux on an evaluation board ADSP-BF548 EZ-KIT based on a Blackfin processor from Analog Devices and develop an application, which will use the board's components through Linux operating system. At the beginning the thesis deals with embedded systems in general and use of Linux on these systems. The detailed installation procedure and setup of uCLinux distribution is described in the following part. Analysis, details of implementation and testing of the demo application are subjects of the last chapter.</td>]
[<td>The work is devoted to calibrating optical device that consists of six digital cameras. Cameras are located on a surface of a sphere and they posess nearly the same common center of projection so the field of view of the whole system covers all the surrounding environment. The unification of records from each camera can create a spherical panoramic images of the scene. Calibration in the context of this work is the identification of internal performance parameters of each camera and determine their relative positions. Practical camera calibration precedes theoretical analysis of selected relations from the algebraic description of the camera model and the necessary relationships in the field of projective geometry.</td>]
[<td>Those thesis are build on base of design of protocol for real–time monitoring in Michal Èábela\\\'s diploma thesis. From this protocol is extracted a basic idea of concatenating packets. For this idea an aplication programing interface (API) was designed. And for this API a library was implemented and than tested.</td>]
[<td>Web application enviroment has some specific characteristics, which are not used by common architectonical patterns and resulting applications are often more complex than they would have to be. This paper describes a design and framework focused exclusively on web applications. It is based on connecting small and simple blocks into a dynamic cascade, where blocks have an unified interface and all data are constant. Emphasis is placed on the reusability of individual blocks and also on the ability to change and extend its application logic without a need for modifications in the source code.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this bachelor thesis was developing an educational applications demonstrating cryptographic alghorithms RSA, DSA and ECDSA which are fundamental representatives of the cryptosystem public key IFP, DLP and ECDLP. I focused on for correctness of solution and the providing of usable graphical user 
interface. It also aims at time complexity of used algorithms. The result is implementation of the three applications which demonstrate the operation of alghoritms mentioned. 

The thesis also includes a brief introduction to the theory of cryptosystem public key IFP, DLP and ECDLP.    </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis and implementation of a system that allows simulation of computer network on an another type. The objective is to create a system for a group of developers who debugs network applications under laboratory conditions, but these applications assume running in a network with worse
properties (such as GSM). It is essential that the developer, who debugs the application for example on a mobile phone or own PC, could limit bandwidth, delay and jitter to this application. This limitation must not limit the developer at other work that shouldn\\\'t be restricted. The possibility of setting variable properties for a network according to a predefined scenario is also desired.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design and implementation of system for publishing and distribution of electronic books. The result consists of two separated internet portals created with PHP language. One portal serves as aggregator of electronic and printed books the other is e-shop platform and provides tools for e-books publishing.

Section of the thesis contains research of existing distributing and publishing portals with summary of used file formats for electronic distribution and existing e-book readers. Described is also the issue of security of electronic publications against abuse.

Interesting part of the thesis is own implementation of e-book convertor that processes an XML source file with system defined structure. Convertor\\\'s outputs are e-book files optimized for reading on desktop PCs, mobile platforms or specialized e-book reading devices.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on wireless communications based on IEEE 802.15.4 standard, namely XBee. XBee overall lacks software support under POSIX compliant environments. XBee in API mode has no software support at all. The main goal of this work is to change this, design and develop an application that would handle XBee modules in API mode under POSIX compliant environments. Secondary product of this work is a dynamic C library that provides the features of XBee API firmware.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis analyzes the possibilities of linking web pages on Facebook and Twitter socials networks and implements some of them as an OneCore platform module. OneCore is a platform written in PHP used for easy construction of web pages that can be later updated by the CMS system. The module will be configurable by the CMS system.</td>]
[<td>Thesis deals with class of compression algorithms based on the Prediction by Partial Matching and its implementation. Nowadays, PPM methods are one of the most powerful and universal compressors. In the thesis, there are described all main principles of data compression and further more principles specially used by PPM algorithms. We summarize most of all available PPM variants and describe their differences.
Our implementation of basic PPM algorithm and its common improvements are described in the text. We show that Exclusion, Update exclusion and Local order estimation improve compression ratio of basic PPMC method by 15.2%. New promising experiments with Static order 0, Automatic escape and Information weighted model are introduced.
We demonstrated the characteristics of PPM algorithms, focused on compression ratio, by tests on standard testing data sets. The implementation tested and described in the text is integrated in the library of compression algorithms ExCom.</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis I will try to show possibilities for predicting economical data using neural networks. My main objects of interest are neural networks trained by genetic algorithms. I will then compare them to the neural networks trained by error back propagation. The result of this thesis is a computer program capable of creating and training a neural network which can predict macro economical values with best accuracy. I will present consequences of badly set up parameters and provide solutions to avoid these problems.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with implementation of system, which allow managing hospiticies. System will be implemented using Java and framework GWT. The final system allows managing hospiticies for school requirements.</td>]
[<td>Content of this bachelor project is distributed internet storage. This work analyzes the capabilities and features of existing and freely available systems, which are compared at the end. Based on the findings it suggests new graphical interface, for already implemented distributed system Sciiga, which it implements at the end.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to describe and study framework Squander developed on Massachusetts Institute of Technology by Mr. Aleksandar Milicevic. This framework brings into language Java another way of programming, which can improve effectivness of implementing and computation performance of the program.

Work shows how was this framework used for implementing set of algorithms, especially NP graph algorithms, and compares that implementation with common imperative way of programming.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is a description of web services in the framework of Windows Communication Foundation 3.5. The work includes a tutorial for a creation of web services using C# programming language in Visual Studio 2008 and an implementation of web services and clients in a real life deployment. The first part of the thesis is an introduction dedicated to the framework of Windows Communication Foundation. The following parts include a tutorial and an outline of the use of web services technology using SOAP and RESTful architecture. A further section deals with the actual implementation of the final solution for web services and a WCF web services client. The practical part describes the design, implementation and testing of a file storage that is accessible via HTTP on the internet.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create a point of interest web management system and to integrate it into existing system Proturism. The system will be able to register POIs like castles, chateaux or museums. As a support for development and integration of the system the Spring framework along with Hibernate ORM tool will be used. Next I will test the whole system. There will be done unit, integration and system tests.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes a project to calculate the parameters of the ballistic curve of the given input data and displaying the calculated ballistic curve in several formats.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with implementation planning module for shift workers into an existing cash system CashBob. The development of the module was realized iteratively. Java technology and ORM (Hibernate) was used for  development. Work includes a CD that contains the executable application, source code and documentation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of IPTV (IP television) service in the network of MX-NET Telekomunikace s.r.o. including set-top box and server for receiving television signal.
</td>]
[<td>The ultimate aim of this thesis is the creation of a universal, platform-independent tool
which focuses on packet generation. The primary input source for this tool are XML files.
Additional flexibility and extensibility is provided to the application by means of Perl scripts
and user-configurable XML templates of network protocols.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis concerns the problem of creating performance models, along with the algorithms chosen for the testing of numeric sequence circuits. These models are created in order to find out, whether we can achieve greater performance through hardware or software algorithms, knowing the structure of the tested circuits.
Within this thesis one can find definitons of performance models, as well as models of the algorithms used and of functions of usability. The usage of these models to answer the questions stated in the introduction to the thesis are included next. In the last part, experiments are explained, which are to verify the correctness of the created models and their actual application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with method of distributed beamforming. It investigates possibilities
of using allready existing types of oscillators for this method. It examines to what level does
their divergencies affect the whole application.
In the following part, it identiﬁes examined deﬁciencies and weak points that render the
whole method difficult or impossible to function. Regarding that, it tries to answer what
aspects of used technology would have to be changed to achieve a functional system.
This thesis contains several methods written in Matlab. Those methods process different
irregularities of signal intensity that individually depend on input parameters. They allow
to render a graph describing impact of variations on the resulting signal intensity.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and implementation of a device that is able to control lighting of home aquarium. It can be set via thin client (web browser). This device is controlled by the microcontroller. As a source of illumination tri-color RGB scheme LEDs are used. It enables smooth and step-change of the illumination color in specified intervals.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about design and implementation of simulator of substrate for neural hypernetworks, which run on a graphical accelerator. That creates an instrument for simulating large spiking neural networks, which can be simulated almost ten times faster than on a regular microprocessor. Due to using modern spiking neuron model can simulator simulate various types of biologically accurate neurons. Simulator design is modular and transparent, which allows easy use or simple incorporating to existing projects. In conclusion is the functionality and speed of simulator demonstrated by simulating various types of large neural networks.</td>]
[<td>This thesis designs and implements user-space virtual filesystem allowing submission of grid computing tasks. Example grid tasks are presented together with evaluation and measurement of implemented filesystem performance characteristics gathered using example tasks.</td>]
[<td>Content of this thesis is designing and implementing information synchronization module for Mozilla Thunderbird over remote storage as IMAP server. Besides common branches of software engineering, thesis deals with universal principles of synchronization and versioning. There is ExtBrain Sync Protocol which takes control of the synchronization process described in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the creation of a new unofficial information portal of the city of Stra- konice. The analysis of requirements of potential users was performed by a public survey. Thereafter, the new information portal was designed to meet the survey requirements and it was also optimized for search engines. Subsequently, the application was implemented in PHP using Nette framework. The entire application functionality and user acceptance were verified using simple tests.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes design and implementation of a web-based application that provides new way of planning meetings, which ensures privacy of participants’ time profile and make entire process of planning much faster. Every user has a time profile that is not shared with others and is only available to a local agent. When planning a meeting, the agent uses these profiles to check availability of participants, or queries remote agents to do the same with profiles within their installations. The application therefore supports both local and distributed planning among users at remote installations. Current time profile consists of calendars in iCalendar format, provided by user selected external calendar applications.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the implementation of C++ library which contains an algorithm for searching tree patters in XML files. First part of this work is analysis and research of algorithm for searching strings patterns by position heap and its extension to tree structures. I am dealing with implementation and testing of memory and time complexity of the algorithm in the second part. There is an example of the library usage on the real XML file at the conclusion of the work.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about transferring web pages into an e-learning course in compliance with the SCORM standard and the iTrivio specification. The approach used to create an e-learning course is a new one and a completely different then a classic approach. This different approach is based on processing web pages primary created via WYSIWYG editors. Downloading of websites is also a part of this work. The implemented executable application has its own graphic user interface. The implemented application has also been integrated into the LMS iTrivio to enable creating an e-learning course from web pages. Usability and suitability of this new different approach has been tested. A~short introduction to an e-learning and the description of related issues is also a part of this bachelor thesis.
</td>]
[<td>Approximate subtree matching in trees aims to find all occurences of a pattern (subtree) in a tree, considering three possible tree edit operations: relabelling, deleting and inserting one or even multiple nodes. In this thesis, I present a solution of this problem with the use of nondeterministic pushdown automata, which read trees in their linear bar-notation.
Time complexity of this approximate subtree matching by this method is, after performing the preprocessing and creation of appropriate nondeterministic pushdown automata, O(n), where n is the number of nodes of the pattern.</td>]
[<td>This work is concerned about further development of ExtBrain Communicator, extension for Mozilla Thunderbird. Original version adds support for IM communication using Jabber protocol. Result of this work should be fixing problems in original implementation, integration of other ExtBrain projects into ExtBrain Communicator and implementation of further functionality, mainly notetaking module. Everything will be thoroughly tested by users and carefully documented to allow easy further development.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the project was to design and implement web application Bitcoin currency exchange. In addition to creating the application has been to study and learn about issues around Bitcoin, existing software and libraries. Bitcoin is a digital currency for which you can buy products and services on the Internet, or bartering for other currency. The application have to allow for bartering Bitcoins and CZK. Main requirements are intuitive control, reliability and security that had to be thoroughly tested.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of web interface for managing web hostings. System allows to manage domains and services linked with web hosting. It allows administrators to manage users. Implementation of system is done using Ruby on Rails platform and using agile development methodologies Behaviour Driven Development.</td>]
[<td>Object-relational mapping is used to speed up the development of software applications. With regards to their evolution, it can become ineffective and the whole process need be executed manually. Our project, which consists in an automated evolution of database schemes focuses on solving this problem and a related data migration in virtue of changes of an object layer. My duty is especially the design and implementation of an application meta-model and a related evolutional transformation, followed by a definition of operations designed for this layer and finally a implementation an object-relational mapping of these operations from the object layer to the database scheme. From the whole project, which my work is part of, we primarily promise a more effective database migration than any which is provided by our competitors.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to convert project written in simulation system OMNeT++ v3.3 to newer v4.x. The project will be also based on newest INET framework and should be enlarged by new functionality. Actually this project is an upgrade of already written project ComputerNetworkEmulator by Mr. Michek and Firewall by Mr. Kubi¹ta. These projects should be merged and enlarged.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with properties of graphs and graph algorithms. Next includes definition of selected terms used in this thesis and design of algorithm for planarity and graph coloring. Creating of application, which loads input from file and determine the selected property, is part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>For the successful provision of IT services to their users through the organization's suppliers is crucial to manage these services. Methodological framework of ITIL supports this topic.

This thesis is intended to design, implement and test software solution to support the work of people in the Service Desk department. This solution is composed of multiple components and provide automatic routing of user requests to the relevant parties.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with the creation of autonomous software designed for modeling of
manufacturing processes in the real production.
The goal of the thesis is to simulate the real production in a virtual environment. The
results are returned to the manufacturing execution system for further processing.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to implement visualizations of individuals in genetic algorithm. In the Introduction the issue of the evolution algorithms is being mentioned.  Genetic Algorithm (the whole process, including mutations, selections and cross-overs) are described more in detail in the first chapter. In the second chapter the reader may find the description of concrete genetic algorithm for data preprocessing, the selection of the right graphic library and programming language. In the last part of this bachelor thesis we may find the description of the actual implementation of the visualizations of individuals in genetic algorithm for data pre-processing including testing. </td>]
[<td>This work deals with issues of graphical user interface (GUI) prototyping. It presents some tools for prototyping, but mostly it introduces my design and implementation of my own web-based application. It also deals with a question of whether or not it is possible to use a keyboard as a primary input device for GUI prototyping.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design, implementation and testing of new text-entry method based on the chorded keyboard for an interactive multitouch table. The work also includes comparion and rate prediction of text-entry speed of chorded keyboard and QWERTY keyboard.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a solution of set of linear equations using residue arithmetic on gaphical card processors by using the OpenCL language. The purpose of the thesis is to find a suitable algorithm for modular multiplicative inversion computation. The algorithm  will be used for solving set of linear equations using residue arithmetic. Computation on GPU will be compared with computation on CPU. The first part of the thesis deals with a general theory of the OpenCL laguage and residue arithmetic computation while the second one deals with individual programs and measured results.

</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to program a parameterised generator of logic circuits which will be able to save the results to BLIF format.
An intention of this work will be also to detect dependencies of parameters, which can influence a circuit minimisation by synthesis tools. After that analyse standard test circuits and due to selected parameters create clones by developed program. Finally compare the origin circuits with this clones.</td>]
[<td>The theme of this thesis was to study the problems of web extraction and to do a research of existing extraction tools. Then design a graphical user interface that would create configuration object for the core of the web extractor, which was written by the lead author of this thesis. Result of the work is a program written in Javascript and executable in Mozilla Firefox. Using this tool allows the user to graphically select elements from web pages and build the rules for the extraction, which can be run from the instrument and the result can be seen.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on design and construction of development board for various data acquisition modules, measuring nonelectric variables like temperature, humidity and pressure. Development board will be designed to have low power consumption and small dimensions. And also has to be able to work with wide range of input voltage. All connected modules will use RS-485 bus to communicate with development board. All acquired data will be stored to SD card. It will be also possible to access all peripherals that microcontroller has to offer.</td>]
[<td>The aim of my work is the design and implementation of an application that is used for time scheduling and simplifying work of students while fulfilling their study requirements. This application called Scooler offers a possibility to create a timetable with subjects, into which it is possible to write notes. The system allows the users to administrate all the reminders, notes and homework, and also to browse the school materials, in which students can write their own notes and share them with other students. Inseparable part of the system is also a calendar with scheduled events. The work includes an initial analysis, a design, an implementation and finally a testing of the eventual application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes selected methods of a web access prediction. The content of the thesis contains a design and an implementation of one of the possible solutions to this problem: a server application helping to transparently preload links from the page the user is currently visiting. This is performed in cooperation with the user\\\'s web browser.

The suggestions of the access prediction are presented to the user via a web browser add-on. In addition a separate administration interface provides a view with a log of the suggestions.

The principles applied in this thesis can be used for subsequent optimizations of web servers and services for mobile devices. Other areas for possible application are situations where speed is an essential factor when navigating from one page to another.</td>]
[<td>Possibility of creating environment-aware intelligent vehicles draws a lot of attention, the main goal being increasing safety on the roads. Other vehicles on the road are one of the most dangerous objects for the driver, therefore there is a need to detect them automatically.

We focus on detection and tracking of vehicles in night-time video-sequences  shot with a monocular camera. In our method, we notice bright regions in the image. We try to find pairs of these regions that represents the rear-lights or headlights of a car. We use probabilistic model describing the scene. An estimation of position of detected vehicles in 3D is provided. For robustness of detection, the vehicles are tracked from frame to frame with Kalman filter.

We estimated parameters of probability distributions on a training sequence and tested the algorithm on other sequences. Testing showed that the detection using our method is a viable option in optical-based detection of cars at night.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the concept and implementation of the server part improvement for already existing electronic voting system from Tomas Cerevka.
The new server part addidng to existing application function of user import from a registration system or from .csv files, furthermore it adding communication option with a terminal part and last but not least it has reworked data model to enabled above mentioned import and adding multiple roles to single user. </td>]
[<td>The main aim of this thesis are analyze and implementation of system for shift management for Bluelink International company. This system have to be a multi-site, because the company has any bureau on the world. The company provides many services in many languages. The design of the system must reect these requirements. Bluelink International company
use Microsoft systems, because of this, Microsoft SQL, ADO.NET Entity Framework and Silverlight was choosen for implementation.</td>]
[<td>The visual analysis of intracardial signals is one of fundamental supporting points for cardiologists who performs electrophysiological surgery at the patient heart. A special case is the radiofrequency ablation of atrial fibrillation, where the doctor decides in real time during surgery, depending on the electrogram of intracardial signals. There is currently no available database of intracardial signals recorded during ablation of atrial fibrillation. The existence of such database would allow subsequent analysis of recorded signals, possible teaching doctors and development and optimization of automated classifier of atrial signals, which could serve to help in further surgery in the future. For this purpose I designed and created a database that will be available via the web interface and will be applicable to research and to support doctors throughout the world.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses the means of editing user-generated content in web applications, i.e. the way how users enter their content into web applications. The objective is to create a comprehensive view of user-generated content in web applications and to describe current editing tools, including their specific features and drawbacks. Subsequently, the thesis presents a conceptual design, which should allow better editing, and evaluates the benefits of the proposed design on the basis of a simple prototype.</td>]
[<td>Main goals of this diploma thesis is to describe and compare features of the most commonly used industrial networks protocols based on Ethernet. It focuses primarily on standards of IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission), rather IEC 60870-5-104 and IEC 61850.

Implementation part of this thesis is focused on these specific communication protocols and simulations of comunication between industrial equipments using standard network components. The aim is to verify the characteristics of these protocols in their deployment in normal and extreme conditions and the analysis of simulations results. The simulations are implemented in the simulation environment OMNeT++ 4.x.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deal with the use of personalization and adaptive techniques for Web applications. First part examines what the process of adaptation is, where and how adaptation can be used, and provides an existing solution and systems that make the use of adaptation. Next part deals with the creation of a library graphic web components to support adaptation, which can be afterwards used in adaptive learning systems.  These components type of navigation, filtering and appropriate view of the information required are implemented as an extension of the graphic web framework Primefaces. Subsequently, these components are tested in a simple test application created to test their function and benefits for the user of such an adaptive learning system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the designing and creation of a website that will provide definitions, examples and discussion regarding the individual characteristics of non-oriented graphs. Simultanously, it will provide the user with an interactive opportunity to test the acquired knowledge.
	The objective of the thesis is to design and create a user-friendly website that will help expand the user's knowledge of the characteristics of graphs.</td>]
[<td>Geographic proximity detector is a smartphone service, which automatically detects when a device enters certain geographic area. Since such a service has several practical applications, all major smartphone platforms provide support for proximity detection. In this work we examine Android implementation called ProximityAlert and we propose a new method of proximity detection, which is based on GSM signal fingerprinting. Our preliminary results show, that our algorithm achieves higher specificity than Android implementation, while it keeps almost perfect sensitivity.</td>]
[<td>BCV solutions company assigned a request to create web application for recording information about customers. The aim of this work is the analysis, design, implementation and testing of a web application.

Bachelor thesis consists of six chapters. The first two chapters are designed to introduce readers to the problems of the solved task, to familiarize them with assignments and requirements for the system. The following chapter deals with the analysis, choice of technology 
and design system architecture. Further chapters dealing with implementation of design, as well as the testing process and its final results are included. The final chapter summarizes the fulfillment of its objectives.</td>]
[<td>This work presents the design and implementation of an extension of an application interface of the library for creating monitoring applications MAPI. It is extended by a traffic burstiness quantification function with an ability of transparent usage of hardware support at the monitoring adapter. This work also presents the design and implementation of a module MP (Measurement Point) which enables usage of the mentioned monitoring function in the perfSONAR system, and the design and implementation of another MP module, which serves as an interface to the existing application called Packetloss and provides several data measured by this application. Function for network traffic burstiness monitoring enables research and analysing of this interesting network characteristics, packet loss monitoring then means monitoring of one of the most important characteristics related to network reliability. The function for traffic burstiness measurement is implemented in C, both modules for the perfSONAR system are implemented in Python.</td>]
[<td>Social networks are very popular today. They are mainly used for personal purposes. But
today social networks are used for commercial purposes too. There is advertising or public
relations in the social network. This thesis deals with the social networks as a working tool.
Culture organizations want to use it for sharing costs to the participants of their events or
publication their events. Main differences from normal social networks is, that friendship
between users is replaced by a connection between the institutions. Institution is basic
element in this social network. Because it is a working tool, it is a private social network.
In this project are used frameworks. These are Joomla with Jomsocial component. Joomla
is well known content management system and Jomsocial is community component. They
were created modules, plug-ins and templates, as well as classes that inherit from jomsocial
classes.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the application of Java Cards for cryptographic purposes. The aim of the thesis is to describe the environment of Java Card applets and their communication with interfaces using their cryptographic services by means of APDU commands and responses. These interfaces include the PKCS family of standards for encryption with public key  which is also discussed in this thesis. Further, the thesis offers possibilities to examine the described principles by especially designed programmes. To achieve the goal of the thesis, a dynamically linked library named SimplePKCS11 which interconnects the PKCS11 interface and the Java Card applets MUSCLE Card Edge was created and proved by the console based demonstrative application DLLTester.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design of methods for the identification of references in a relational database in cases where these relations are not formally defined by value constraints on the columns.
It explores handling of references in frameworks providing ORM to find out a way to identify references in databases created by these frameworks. It closer deals with methods of identification based on database schema and with methods to verify the possibility of
references based on data. These methods are implemented in the library, which is intended to add information needed to determine references into the specific EMF database model and this way help to create the object model. Features of this library are demonstrated on
an example application.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the practical use of Grails framework to create web application for support of collaborative translation. The rst part analyzes the issues and compares existing solutions. In the analytical part is presented proposal in terms of user functions and domain model. The implementation part describes the technologies, which were used in the application and the structure of the resulting application, also focuses on some interesting features. In conclusion there is a user interface test and application tests.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the problem of designing a text entry system for the EasyControl application, which is being developed by the NIT Group at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering of Czech Technical University in Prague. EasyControl is targeted to disabled people and consists of a set of applications (such as an e-mail client, a text editor, or simple games) and special hardware input devices to control these applications. The text entry system developed in this thesis replaces a very simple software keyboard that has been used in EasyControl so far and is designed to be used with the special hardware devices. 

Five of nine designed ``keyboard'' types were implemented and are part of the developed software module for EasyControl. The resulting text entry system is highly configurable. The layouts of the keyboards (the number of keys, their arrangement, and the content and output of each individual key) as well as the visual appearance of the application can be fully customized to the user's needs. Apart from the description of the designed keyboards, the developed application, and its testing, this thesis also contains a survey of some existing text entry systems.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implemetntation of information system for the exchange trade. The aim is gather requiremets for that system, perform analysis and design. Application itself then implement and test.

Technologies were used mainly PHP, Zend Framework, MySQL.

This work describes the application requirements and analysis. Subsequently, a proposal with a description and examples of implementation. The resulting work includes a public accessible part, the interface for logged users and admin section, which includes a content management system. </td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to create new software support tool for genalogy research. The application (called GENiE) uses international XML standard GenXML for genealogy data exchange. It also supports data import from plain text genealogy data format GEDCOM.

The GENiE project is developed in objective-functional programming language Scala. Description of Scala language advanced features and their evaluation on real life project is the second goal of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this thesis is an implementation of an online editor, which will be able to edit file formats as CSV, JSON and those supported by editor Ace. This work contains server part capable of providing interaction with file system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to compare several text-entry methods, choose the best of them, and optimise it. This is achieved by user tests, in this case are users blind people. Text of this work contains analysis of the problems, which blind people have in connection with the touch devices, solution of this problems, implementation of keyboards, and both user-test, including tests results. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with creation of the program that analyze decrypted English text and automatically inserts spaces between words to this text. The first part of this thesis is dedicated to string matching algorithms in general. In the second part of this thesis is described the realization of the program.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and the implementation of the component, which allows a student and a tutor to communicate using the shared virtual whiteboard in the context of a web browser. The first part is concerned with a search of available open source projects to reduce workload. Competitive services and commercial products were also analysed. Fur- thermore, the work is focused on selecting the suitable platform, project analysis and design. A large section of the text describes the implementation. The last chapters contain final summary of the entire project and suggestions for future improvements.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is analysis of REST (Representational State Transfer) architectural style. It describes basic elements of the architecture, their meaning and implications. It describes solutions based on HTTP protocol with focus on hypertext element. It also compares implementation based on Atom Publishing Protocol with non-standarized solution. At last it looks into REST service consumption and usage of architectural elements outside REST scope.</td>]
[<td>My bachelor thesis covers studying methods of procedural generated terrain and practicies for effective rendering of objects in 3D scenes of video games and simulators with huge terrain. Furthermore I study modeling of ecosystems of height maps for generated terrain. With the assistance of these methods and practicies i endeavour to make interactive 3D application that simulates \\</td>]
[<td>The goal of my work is to implement software for effective maintenance of chairs in offices, where all data about offices and its chairs will be stored in one place to increase efficiency in assigning chairs to guests of university. In this thesis I present analysis and plan of the project, most of the thesis is dedicated to implementation of the system. For implementation of the system was used Java FX technology version 1.3 and RESTful Webservices also in Java.</td>]
[<td>Nowadays, when an information system forms the basis of a successful business in almost every medium-sized organization, and when there are dozens of different information systems in the Czech Republic, we face a big challenge of how to connect these systems efficiently and facilitate and improve data transfer from one system to another, whether in concerned the purchase or sale, stock accounts, logistics, etc. This Bachelor‘s Degree Thesis deals with the problem of implementing a communication interface XML/SOAP for K2 information system producing by a Czech company K2 atmitec, Ltd. Currently this company is registering over six hundred implementations.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis the problems of analysis and definition of the business processes related to hardware configuration management are being solved, as well as design of database and realization of the user interface, for managing configuration database and including the processes.</td>]
[<td>Satellite GOCE has been launched into orbit at the altitude of 255 km by European Space Agency in 2009. GOCE’s main instrument is the Electrostatic Gravity Gradiometer (EGG), a set of six 3-axis accelerometers mounted in a diamond configuration in an ultra-stable structure.
The components of the gravitational tensor can be determined from the measured gravitational acceleration differences.

The purpose of this bachelor thesis is an implementation of software capable of analysis and visualization of power spectral densities of measured data. Also comparison of the real data with the requirement shall be implemented.

New Java parser using SAX technology has been developed for acquiring data.
The power spectral density of gradiometric data is analyzed mainly using Welch's method and basic statistics are also computed.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with a creation of a new CAD system that will be designated for design of parts cut from various material. Its task is to generally examine CAD systems and then to design the architecture but, in the first place, to implement a new functional system. It should correspond to new trends in this field and should be very well usable.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a working concept of internet e-commerce application, which adapts modular software architecture.  First the research on existing open-source and commercial solutions is done, then the research on programming languages and their development platforms with matching frameworks is performed. Afterwards, the analysis and design of the implementation are described in depth and a suitable programming language with a framework is chosen. Then the way of the implementation is described and the compromises are made, when programming into the chosen language platform. After that the comparison with the existing solutions is done. In the conclusion the results of the thesis are evaluated, compared with the defined goals and possible extensions of the modular e-commerce application are proposed.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis addresses issues of application development for mobile devices running Windows Phone 7, Android and iOS using a programming language C#. It examines the possibility of code reusability for all three platforms.

The practical result of this work is the implementation of multimodal navigation within the European research project In-Time for one of these platforms using a programming language C#.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to create an implementation of large electronic documents reader for touchscreen controlled mobile devices, which have Android operating system. The resulting application offers viewing of documents, adding, modifying and deleting additional information in these documents and offers a possibility of synchronization. The content of the work is also a documentation.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is technical aspects of automated remote reading of electricity meters. The main task is to present a design and an implementation of PC software for remote reading of these meters. The thesis includes also the comparison of two communication protocols (ÈSN EN 62056-21 and MODBUS RTU), which are suitable for this task.</td>]
[<td>XML is a very widespread language for data storage in the IT world. Like database systems store data and the data can be searched is also possible to search the data contained in XML databases. Means for searching are different. Currently the most widely used tool for searching using XPath is TwigStack algorithm that works sequentially. Our goal is to imple- ment a similar algorithm that will work in parallel on multiple threads of GPU. The reason for just the GPU parallelization is their easy availability, low cost and extreme performance compared to the CPU. Today’s GPUs are much more powerful than the best CPU.</td>]
[<td>This work took the objective of creating a web application enabling extend management and presentation of the accommodation units provided by the backend of Escapia. It is a simple product that is able to address both the smaller operators, as well as medium and larger accommodation rentals, with easy adaptation to design and extensibility through plugins.
During the development of this work was Escapia company purchased by HomeAway company, which is one of the world leaders in this field of services and there was thus a marked multiplication of potential candidates for this product.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the measurement of basic parameters of data transmision in GSM networks. Within this thesis the measurement application for mobile platform Android was designed, implemented and tested. Part of the solution includes an analysis of the application\\\'s portability across mobile devices. This thesis also contains the development of an application for statistical evaluation working with the data set obtained from the measurement application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of extensions of existing application, at the end of which is formation of complex system for animal species management. The basic purpouse is to make easier keeping records about animal species with their subsequent export into electronic form, which will allow creation of electronic textbooks. These documents can be easily printed thanks to default output formats which are LaTeX and PDF. The project was designed as a web application using the latest technologies and approaches to achieve a high level of usability.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this barchelor thesis was to design and implement an application for searching informations from different sources. This application is determined for Android operating system. Searching modules for information sources were implemented together with the application. Additional modules can be added to this application.
Modules can save the obtained informations to database, which is located on SD card or can be downloaded from the sources.</td>]
[<td>CTU Navigator is a project which aims to simplify the lives of students and teachers at the Czech Technical University. It provides a quick and simple navigation between and inside the university buildings. The calculation of the route takes the distance between the buildings and the usage of the public transportation into account. The advantage over other similar applications is the synchronization of the timetable that enables a start of the navigation with just one press of a button. The main projected use of CTU Navigator is for mobile phones, which will become student\\\'s irreplaceable guide during studies.

The project consists of a server part and client applications for different platforms. The goal of this work is to create an application for mobile phones with Android operating system and to define a communication protocol between the server and the clients.
</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this work is to develop application which can be used as a magnifying glass for Android mobile platform. Camera embedded in a device is used for capturing observed picture. The first part of this work is focused on creating graphical user interface which gets user full and simple control over application. Processing the images is done by graphical library OpenGL which is used to draw live image from camera and its unzoomed miniature of observed scene on the display of the device. Application allows to set digital zoom, turn the diode on and off, use autofocus and shoot a photo. For sharpening picture blurred by the inability of camera optics to focus at small distances should have been used deblurring method. Deconvolution kernels has been found by the Alternating Minimization method. Deblurring function is not implemented in the application due to inconclusive results. Testing revealed that the magnification done by digital zoom allows to recognize text and details which the human eyes do not see.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is the use of the fully recurrent neural network to control a space arcade game instead of a human. Software in this work is designed to verify a behavior of the neural network with the differential evolution as a learning algorithm. An experiments results are compared with the expected behavior. The work describes the algorithm of the differential evolution, the neural networks, its implementations, the space arcade game implementation and the results of experiments.</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces to the basics of good nutrition and lifestyle in relation to diabetes mellitus, and compares the available mobile applications used to tracking caloric intake. A mobile application and a web portal for tracking caloric intake and displaying graphical reviews for the selected period was implemented. Evaluation of the functionality and usability of mobile application and web portal was performed. The evaluation concluded that the final mobile application was accepted by users.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis contains design, solution and implementation of anti-corruption database
and application. The objectiv of the thesis is to create an instrument for Foundation
Against Corruption (NFPK), which could replace the vast (existing) archive. The application
allows to input information and relationships in corruption enviroment. The solution is adapted
to the requirements of the client to simplify data input and search. Rescription of used
technologies for implementation is also a part of this thesis. Description of implementation
is focused on solving nontrivial problems.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with e-learning system development designed to support teaching at secondary schools. At first the work introduces the reader to the fundamental concepts of e-learning. The work further discusses the research, whose task is to obtain information about the use of e-learning systems and to review current possibilities of e-learning at Czech secondary schools. The main part then deals with the analysis, design, implementation and testing of developed application. The analysis and design phases used modeling language UML 2.2 and the system has been implemented in Java EE 6.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is the development of an application which allows users to exchange their photos via web pages. In particular, this application allows users to create
albums, upload photos and publish them. The communication between users takes place by creating friend relationship. Thus, the users can limit access to their photos and exchange them with their friends only. In order to strengthen semantic and social aspects of the web, the elements of the third parties, i.e. Facebook and Google, were integrated. In whole, the application is easily accessible and user-friendly.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis and design of an application for automated booking of free seats on Student Agency, s.r.o. lines. 

The application is designed to allow easy implementation of new plug-in modules. 
A module for checking free seats for theatre performances at the ®i¾kovské Divadlo Járy Cimrmana was implemented too.

The thesis includes a programmer's guide to creating new plug-in modules as well as tests of usability.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on design and implementation of a universal application software for the control of drives and power electronics. The result of this thesis is a set of libraries which together form a framework usable for these kind of systems. Because of the real-time character of the systems, the thesis is especially focused on distinctions of these systems. Furthermore, the thesis includes a selection of design patterns which are suitable for this kind of an application software. A functionality of the designed framework is verified at implementation of an application software which is intended for a boost converter 24 V/350 V.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with a development of server part of the system for record keeping of traffic offences and movement of policemen. It describes the analysis, design and implementation of an Android mobile client network layer, a server for database access, a PC client for simple administration and monitoring of policemen and a basic database to store data from the mobile clients. Application interacts with the mobile part of the system, which is dealt with by Martin ©tajner in his thesis.
</td>]
[<td>Main goal of this bachelor thesis is to create an Android application
which is capable of searching tourist routes according to given parametres. As parametres
user chooses points of interrest (POIs) he wants to visit, minimal and maximal
length of the route and type of the transport he wants to use to reach the
destination where the route starts. Existing hiking applications for Android and
iOS platform are discussed. Analysis of the software engineering task is
included -- functional and nonfunctional analysis as well as use case scenarios.
The application architecture and design as well as the design of
the graphical user interface are proposed. An appropriate map source for the
application and library for the map rendering are chosen. After the design
proposal part the thesis describes the most important algorithms for data
preprocessing used. The thesis also presents the search formalisation and
the search algorithm. In the last part of the thesis the evaluation and testing
of the final product can be found. The most important part from graphical user
interface (the trip planning process) is tested for usability, and performance
test of the search algorithm is described. The thesis speaks shortly also about testing the navigation
feature in the outdoor environment.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis was, based on the research of the VHDL language, to design algorithms, which identify a code describing FSM and other common circuits, such as multiplexer, adder, memory and others, with access to VHDL's syntactical decomposition. Then it was necessary to test the proposed algorithm and test also evaluate it with an existing VHDL analyzer.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to introduce standards used in the sphere of information security and to create an educational material, concerning the characteristics, goals and mutual relations among those standards. This document also edits the security guidelines and suggests possible ganges in chosen company, particularly in ABB Elektro Praga Jablonec</td>]
[<td>It is an extension of System for evaluation of programmer\\\'s work, which is part of diploma theses of Ondøej Guth. Adding support for another CVS based on search. Next extensit is new GUI and possibility to compare work of multiple programmers. The system is implemented using Java 1.6.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to create an application, which automatically reconstructs
the topology of computer network. For discovering particular devices in the network the
application uses various protocols from second and higher layer of ISO/OSI model.
In the end the application visualizes the discovered network topology and provides more
data processing.</td>]
[<td>The work is based on the implementation of the library for the data transfer of immediate position tracking created for the Android OS . This work is developed in another programming language to ensure compatibility with the OS Windows Phone 7, which is not the original library compatible with. The protocol used in this work is based on the RFC of previously proposed protocol. Furthermore has been created a test software used to test the functionality of this library.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the analysis and implementation of systems for recording information sources in web environment. It includes a comparison of existing systems that is aimed to reveal their advantages and weak points. The graduation thesis represents the analysis of the problem with the selection and description of the technologies that are subsequently used in the implementation of the application. The result of the diploma work is represented by the functional and tested application suitable for use in practice.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is divided into three main parts. The first one focuses on the analysis of safety of the individual components of the electronic voting system. After consultation with the Head of the thesis and the authors of the newly created electronic voting system FEL ÈVUT, main attention is focused on this field.
The next part of the thesis contains analysis of general electronic voting system. The analysis includes voting system architecture, also focuses on the individual components and specific general requirements for the e-voting.
Final part of this thesis includes draft of solutions of e-voting system FEL ÈVUT. This proposal is based on the theoretical foundations of the thesis and is not burdened with the knowledge already existing electronic voting system, providing new insight into possible solutions to the electronic voting system.</td>]
[<td>In last days there is big pressure on effectiveness of work in most companies. Expedition in publishing firm is often overlooked place to implement these new procedures. Since the speed of order picking is an important factor in customer satisfaction, it is necessary in this area to take advantage of new methods and work habits. Objective of this thesis is to speed up picking orders from developed B2B system using device running Android, which includes camera.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this project is creation of source code editor capable of dynamic text analysis and comparison. Other than that editor should manage code versions and simple form of project containing source files.
Editor should use graphical interface available under multiple operation systems.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis describes the design and implementation of SPI and I2C peripheral circuits for ADOP microcomputer implemented on FPGA Xilinx Spartan-3. Another objective of this work is the realization of at least one laboratory task for the subject </td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is improvement of automatization on small hydro power
plant Andìlská Hora.
In the first part of thesis there is described design and realization of system for automatic water level control on weir and its connection into current PLC network.
Second part of this thesis deals with design and realization of remote control and monitoring of power plant in visualization software Reliance</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on using OS Linux on NUMA PC architecture as integrated service router in 10GbE networks - mainly on it’s analysis, design, implementation and testing. With growing PC, GPGPU performance and constant open-source software innovations it is very inviting solution. The result of the project is completed method of implementation and functional prototype of 10GbE GPGPU router / firewall, which is able to forward via GPGPU up to 40 Mpps Full Duplex with 68 B packets.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with finding a way to filter HTTP requests based on whether they are created
by human or by robot. The main task is to choose the parameters in HTTP requests that are
applicable to this resolution. The aim of requests filtering is to increase resistance against
(D)DOS attacks.
To verify requests resolution, a module containing the developed algorithm was implemented
for the nginx server. Within this module are implemented measurements to verify
the ability to filter requests.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this bachelor's thesis is continuous creation in storge module as a part of restaurant system CashBob. That means resolving problems in communication with peripherals, creation of press kit proposal and implementing everyday stocktaking. Also reliability of the whole system uncommon situation has to be resolved.

Important part of my thesis is deep refactorisation of whole storage module. It's purpose is to balance and improve code quality and offer a solid ground for development in future, even beyond this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of information system for financial management and property of student club. Applications will be used to provide a view of how club deals with finances of his members. Another goal is to provide a simple interface for addition and administration of requirements of budget and administration of rooms and facilities of the club. The system will be based on J2EE platform.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis is about design of control unit for magnetotherapeutic device. It contains comparison of current solutions and implementation of the unit based on the AVR platform. The basic properties of the device are simple user interface (yet allowing to use advanced settings), connection with PC and open design.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis the web application that provides the reception of the data, collected on solar energy,
their subsequent storage on the school server and presentation of these data for the special society
considered in details. The collection of corresponding data is provided by photovoltaic system FVS
2003E. The Department needed to automate all the process from data acquisition to presentation.
This is the main reason for web applications creation which provides opportunity to automate and
manage the data. Moreover, these web applications were created on the base of different
technologies and thus allow comparing and choosing the most appropriate decision.
The aim of this thesis is to examine web applications for admission, storage and presentation of
photoelectric data. Also the descriptive results of the methods used to improve the web application
were included. This aim was achieved within the framework of conditions and requirements of
Department of Electrotechnology.
The main advantage of this thesis is the web application that was created as project or model for
subsequent usage in order to meet the needs of Department of Electrotechnology. Also in this thesis
the description of the main functions and properties of web applications development with the help
of XWili and Velocity technologies was included.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor’s thesis is to familiarize with the GPX format, which serves as a
record of positional data from GPS devices, to gather knowledge about its internal structure
and methods of keeping data entries from satellite devices. Consequently after the examination
of the GPX format propose and implement an application which is able to not only
load and save data, but also offer the user the appropriate filters for modification of individual
entries which have been included in the given entry. On referential data indicate the
functionality of the program and test the individual filters which have been implemented.
Key terms: GPX, XML, GPS, XSD, interpolation, latitude, longitude, elevation</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on designing and implementing an arcade game for personal computers and modern mobile phones. Besides its deployment on multiple platforms, the realized game is designed to allow multiplayer interactions independent on the device used by involved parties. After initial analysis, a research on the interactive entertainment industry\\\'s past and current practices is conducted. It mainly covers the basic solutions to common technical problems such as collision detection and artificial intelligence. The actual development process of the game and supplementing applications, such as the server used of online gameplay, follows the software engineering standard of analysis, design and realization.
As a result, this thesis can be a guide and study material for those interested in video game development. The reader should find that most of the essential technical knowledge needed to create arcade games is covered. Furthermore, the applications realized as part of this thesis, along with the chapters dedicated to their development, can serve as examples on how to proceed with similar projects.</td>]
[<td>Today\\\'s need for interconnection of various enterprise systems is raising more rapidly. The most common type are clearly going to be messaging based systems.

In this thesis I\\\'m trying to combine properties of enterprise messaging systems into simple application, which can be used for peer-to-peer message transfer. The most important feature of the the program is ability of functionality expansion using message plugins.

During system design I\\\'m also solving problem of internal message format for all messages. For this purpose I\\\'m introducing LibCAMQP, which simplifies design and processing of structured binary protocols.</td>]
[<td>Standard tools are mostly comparing files on line-by-line basis. They are not optimal choice for comparing documents, which are using hierarchical trees, such as XML documents. Better results could be obtained with algorithms for ordered labelled trees. This work presents efford to aplly selected algorithm in comparing XML documents.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dealing with evolutionary processes of passive optical networks with future outlook of their technological development. Development and consequential prediction of numbers of optical connections on Czech as well as on worldwide market with broadband internet connections is discussed further on.</td>]
[<td>lNetMess application is an application suited for communication over local network. This thesis is structured into six parts. The first part is a market research fof applications for communication over local networks - their positive and negative attributes are analyzed in this part. Analyzed applications are Tonic, PopMessenger and Lan Toucher. The next chapter covers the technologies used in this application - Java, HyperSQL Database and UML. The third part uses the market research and other factors in order to make the requirements for the lNetMess application and to set the goals of this application. In the following part there is analytical documentation - examples of diagrams and classes, cases of application usage. The fifth part covers implementation of lNetMess application - major advantages of this application in comparison with other products available on the market. The last part focuses on testing that lNetMess was subjected and its results. In conclusion there are mentioned possibilities of future development of this application - voice communication and file sharing.

Key words: application for communication, local network</td>]
[<td>A good environment for developing programs is very important for programmers. The development environment should be user friendly, intuitive and it should, in general, ease the programming. A number of shortcomings and missing features have been identified in Smalltalk/X development environment. 
The goal of this thesis is to analyze and describe such problems and to fix the most important ones. The identified issues have been sorted by priority and two most important ones have been fixed. First, a complete pure-smalltalk text diff algorithm along with visual user interface has been implemented. Second, a code-completion support has been reworked from scratch, using Roel-Typer type inferencer. Second part of the thesis discusses the design and implementation of both, the text diffing support and the SmallSense - a new code-completion framework for Smalltalk/X.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of an application in- terface, which provides access to data in database system CellStore. This data derives di- rectly from system CellStore in XML format. The application interface is implemented as a REST-based Web Service. The resulting system is based on SmallTalk/X and uses framework Swazoo. Part of this thesis is sample application for mobile device on iOS platform. Mobile application uses iOS software development kit and its components.</td>]
[<td>	The aim of the thesis is suggestion and implementation of a web application for information sharing for picture and text data project focusing on facilitation of team work. The application also helps the administration of finacial resources, their registration and displaying their current status.

	The thesis is divided into several separated parts. The first part focuses on description of the implemented system concerning the definition of its essential requirements. The definition of its requirements is crutial because it is the base for the analytical part of the thesis.
The second part focuses on the system analysis. The system requirements, architecture design, cases of its usage and creation of “class diagram” are specified.
There is only UML language used in this part.
The next part describes the implementation of the system in PHP language using My Sql database system, too.
The forth part focuses on testing. The users’ testing demonstrates usability in the real environment.
The very last part summarizes the findings.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design and full implementation of electronic collection of recipes E-chef. Application includes server and desktop client. The result of this work is a functional application which allows users to search for recipes using labeling system and share their own recipes. The work also includes user and programmer manual.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of content management system for Faculty of Civil Engineering CTU in Prague. The entire project was implemented as two bachelor thesis and this thesis deals with the administration section of the website. The thesis describes the cooperation in the project, familiarization with a current solution and design of a new solution. It also describes the project implementation itself and evaluation of the whole project.
</td>]
[<td>The topic of this work is to create a module for dynamic generating of forms in applications
based on ontologies. This module should simplify work of the developer while building
a website of the form and also while implementing the code that processes the data from
the form. When generating the form, this module uses mainly information contained in the
entity classes.
A part of this work is the deployment of the module in system StruFail where every form
is made manually now. One of the goals is to compare the proposed solution to the original
one.
</td>]
[<td>Goal of this work is to create simulation of floating objects for VBS2. Simulation must be able to work with any object, which can touch water surface. These objects are basically ships and amphibious vehicles, but it must work realistically for any other object type as well.
Simulation must be done in the realtime and it must be able to serve tens of units without major impact on FPS. So, it must be as fast as possible.
</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor project realizes the class modeler for Netbeans platform. The plugin allows to create both platform independent and platform specific model. Plus, the plugin allows to include annotations of classes, attributes and methods into the model. Created models are provided to other Netbeans plugin through defined interface. The graphical representation of the editor was created using the JGraph framework.</td>]
[<td>In the present work we study software testing problematics and test cases
storage. Aim of this work is to provide simple but useful application which will allow
to store and read test cases from XML document. Application will be public and under
licence of GPL.</td>]
[<td>The primary goal of this thesis is design and implementation of a meta-modeling tool with support for graphic notations. The application will let to define meta-models along with their visualization rules. In the opening part, the process of meta-modeling is explained. The second part concentrates to the meta-meta-model itself. Description of architecture and the implementation follows. The close part contains brief description of testing and a user manual.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with VoIP throughput measurement on a SIP-based network, namely the Open IMS Core, from the perspective of maximal amount of transactions per a unit of time. The theoretical introduction analyses the common roots of VoIP technology, describes the SIP protocol and its application in the IMS network. Based on available sources in the form of standards and scientific articles, a measurement method based on ETSI TS 186.008 is proposed and IMS Bench SIPp is selected among the available load generators. Subsequently, the course of measurement on the reference network is described and the conclusion is drawn that this network is too unstable for real applications.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes the possibility of implementing adaptive QoS methods to the data network to improve the quality of voice services (VoIP). The work is focused on networks with limited or unknown transmission capacity and network with limited QoS support. The
simulation environment OMNeT++ was used to verify the basic assumptions for networks where basic QoS methods are used. The text describes methods that allow an adaptive QoS control on a central Linux router. Linux OS daemon was developed on the bases of these
methods. This daemon is able to detect voice services within the network trac and adjust the QoS in order to achieve higher quality of voice transmission. This thesis describes also possibilities how to avoid link congestion in network. Results of tests show that in the event of line congestion these methods can be used to signicantly improve the quality of voice services. These methods are also able to adapt to the unknown bandwidth. These results should be considered for further developments in this area of interest.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to develop an application module, used against pirate using of main application and for on-line checking of licence. Module need to protect main application, forbid to use illegal copies and suppress running that application on more computers than count of bought licences. In case of detected attempt to corrupt licence security program, module must inform authorized person about this action.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design and implementation of core features of a web based information system for Czech Scouting Centers called SkautSIS, which helps them to manage their activities. The system design is based on the software analysis, which was created later in the scope of the team project in the course Y36SIN - Introduction to Software Engineering. The SkautSIS system is based on Orchard CMS, which it extends by providing its own additional modules. An essential part of the document is a chapter intended for developers who will extend SkautSIS system. It contains instructions about setting up a development environment, information about how the system works, where its limitations are and how it is possible to extend the system. The result is a robust foundation of the SkautSIS system that can be easily extended and rapidly deployed.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with implementation of web application for monitoring JMX speciﬁcation conforming applications and their numeric MBean attributes. Before implementation itself, it deals with similar products and discuss their properties and drawbacks.</td>]
[<td>Bugtrack is an open-source J2EE application for bug evidence and management. The goal of this thesis is to add new functionality – test evidence and test management. The thesis discribes the system BugTrack and used technologies, J2EE and Jboss Seam Framework. The analysis is performed by set of Use Case, Sequence, Activity and Statechart UML diagrams and by ER diagram for database. The testing methodology is also described in the thesis. The next part is the description of the implementation with the pieces of code for better explanation. Because of the need for new functionality which came from real life, it is probable, that the application will be used in real projects</td>]
[<td>The aim of this Bachelor thesis was to create the business logic of the persistent layer for the computer game based on Civilization. The application was developed in the three-member team. A big emphasis is put on analysis and implementation. You can find, however, also the information about used technologies, possibilities of optimization and testing of the application.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with finding a suitable simple Java database framework, which uses JDBC and JTA technologies. In the first part of the thesis, three frameworks are described in detail, then a methodology for their testing is suggested. Afterwards the frameworks are examined and evaluated based on processes and metrics proposed by the methodology. In conclusion the framework which suits the best the requirements is selected.</td>]
[<td>Main purpose of this Bachelor thesis is description of software architecture in modern computers games including detailed description of theirs subsections. Dokument also contains comparison of tools suitabled for developing computers games. Final part of this Bachelor thesis contains demonstration of described architecture in completed appplication.</td>]
[<td>Wide-spread adoption of smartphones opens possibilities for innovative applications that would assist users in using public transport, in particular in complex urban setting. In this thesis, we design and implement a particular type of urban mobility support application focused on collective tracking of the quality-of-service parameters of public transport services. The proposed application consists of an Android-based mobile client and an App Engine- based backend server. The Android client allows the user to enter quality-of-service rankings and to access rankings of other users, all conveniently while on the go. The client employs localization techniques to automatically detect trip segments and minimize the need for direct user input. The backend server provides data storage and aggregation, and allows more complex analysis of collected quality-of-service ratings. Altogether, the implemented system allows the users to better plan their trips. The system could also serve as a valuable source of customer satisfaction-related data for public transport operators. Evaluation with a small set of test users showed positive feedback and confirmed the viability of the approach.</td>]
[<td>The hereby presented hotel agenda support system for a fictional company callled Bohemia Hotels Group (BHG) analyses the problems and needs of this company in a very complex way, and provides an implementation of a information system as a solution to these. The purpose of this diploma thesis is to prepare the foundation for a successful realization of such a project, and also to bring the project to a phase, where it could be presented to a potential customer. Having this in mind, the project consists of the phase of understanding the needs of a customer and preparing a feasability study based upon these needs, the analytic and the design phase, the implementation iteslf and the tightly coupled testing phase, following with the last phase - the deployment of the application to the production environment. After the final phase, the customer is to expect a professional presentation towards the customer, support and automatization of processes generating revenue and a comprehensive overview of the events influencing the functioning of the hotel company.

This work can also be used as a demo of utilizing progressive technologies used throughout the process of preparing this diploma thesis, like JBoss Seam, JBoss RichFaces, Facelets, Hibernate, MySQL and others, for small and medium sized software projects. </td>]
[<td>A regular PC user is often unaware of the threats on the network. Maintaining a secure LAN should always consist of protecting end users and network devices. Therefore this bachelor thesis introduces the basic end user threats, that the users should be protected against. 

Having this in mind, this work presents and thoroughly analyzes the most common attacks happening on the data link and network layer of the OSI model. It also presents some possibilities of defense against the mentioned types of attacks.   </td>]
[<td>The aim of the entire project was to create a functional web application which would make organising common events for Prague undergraduate scouts easier. In the future, this application can serve other groups with similar interests, too.
Above all, Google App Engine and Google Web Toolkit technologies have been used. The whole work is also partly an example of how to use these relatively new technologies efficiently when creating an information system.
A considerable part of the written work deals precisely with a description of these technologies. In the other parts of the work that analyse the application design, concrete solutions as well as parts of the technologies applied are presented.</td>]
[<td>Application, enabling modeling of business processes, was developed, using the NetBeans
platform and graphical framework JGraph, within the scope of this work. The rst part
introduces the notation used for modeling business processes. The following part introduc to
both used technology, the NetBeans Platform and JGraphu, and then process the application
implementation. The result is an application which allows modeling processes with Hierarchy
Process and Event-Driven Process Chain notations and interfaces, allowing other applications
access to the created diagrams.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with controlling RC models over Wi-Fi networks. It describes implementation
of wireless control of an RC model and devices build within it. Communication between
model and controller takes place on a computer network and is based on ISO/OSI model
with the use of standard transport layer protocols.</td>]
[<td>Design an efficient implementation of ACB compression algorithm and integrate it into ExCom library. Focus on the most suitable data structure for saving, sorting and searching in contexts. Experimentally test the efficiency of each data structure. Compare this implementation with the existing ACB implementations.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to describe the main development stages of the import and export modules for the FAKE GAME project. The thesis describes differences and common aspects of the data formats used in datamining software.
The outcome of the thesis consists of the working modules, which enhance preprocessing features of the FAKE GAME project.</td>]
[<td>This work identifies causes of user-unfriendness and difficulties concerning system TEX and LATEX when used for preparation, authoring and e-publishing of both academic and common papers. It specifies functions needed for a production of user-centered WYSIWYM online editor of TEX documents. The implementation part of this work presents prorotype of this application. It also shows a new concept of HTML-based content editing component for the realization of the most critical features. The analysis of current required features is based on user testing and comparison of TEX editing software. The summary and conclusion of the existing solutions is included.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with possibilities of bandwidth management in IP networks and implementation of its support in linux operating system. On this basis designs solution for distribution of bandwidth among users in metropolitan network. 

Part of this thesis is also implementation of information system providing automated generation of a script for setup of traffic controll components in Linux kernel.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with solving large linear systems of equations using LU decomposition. Finding solution such systems can be very time consuming, because the complexity of decompositon is cubic O(n^3). In order to make the decomposition faster we will describe options of 
parallelization mainly on dense linear system of equations. The algorithm was implemented for cluster of workstations and tested on school cluster Star.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the generation and maintenance of time-scale x86-based computers. Implementation of the work uses real-time operating system Phar Lap ETS and hardware as well as software from National Instruments. The precise time is corrected by using the PPS pulses of external devices. The time scale is used in a few short parts.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this theis is an implementation of application for the management of hoarding,
which is able to work with information system MediaCheck Mobiliar. Application runs on the
industry mobile device Atid AT-870. Applications should be operable without a control pen,
should be able to read RFID tags, determine the current location using GPS and take pictures.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with generating web applications based on the domain model, concretely the runtime
web UI (User Interface) generation, which uses a predefined library for basic operations
(CRUD).

The contribution of this thesis is mainly quickening and simplifying the creation of the user interface
of web applications. Generating of this user interface requires software developers only
to define the domain model.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about implementation of algorithms using Java accelerating framework on Cell processor. Properties and features of Cell processor and JCBE framework are described in this thesis. NP-complete problems are solved, knapsack problem is solved by brute force, travelling salesman problem is solved using simulated annealing. Outcome of this thesis are implemented algorithms and created benchmarking comparisons of tests which were run on Playstation 3 console. Tests are comparing different versions of algorithms used on problems of different size and show acceleration got by using framework and accelerated methods written in C. These methods are called via Java Native Interface and can run on all available Synergistic Processor Units in parallel.</td>]
[<td>Diploma thesis is devoted to analysis, design, implementation and testing mobile application for warehouse management. The application is developed on the basis of real requirements by private company.
The result of the work to be analyzed on the basis of which made the system design and then it will come to pre-tested and implemented applications for warehouse management. The application consists of client and server parts.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to develop first version of an information system for an
internship program coordination at IBM Czech republic. Althought the internship program
has been running for the past two years, its overall management is still far from perfect. The
data about students, internship positions, mentors or assets has been stored in large confusing
spredsheets, which does not allow administrative workers to work efficiently, fast and easy.
This thesis analyzes preceding situation, maps business processes behind this program and
describes implementation of the information system using IBM proprietary technology Case
Manager and DOJO framework.</td>]
[<td>A new approach for nonlinear tree pattern matching is presented. This approach uses pushdown automata as representation of full index of subject tree for nonlinear tree pattern matching. These pushdown automata are input-driven therefore they can be determinised. The time of processing a tree pattern by this automata is linear with size of the tree pattern. It accepts all nonlinear tree patterns in linear time. Several modifications to these automata are presented for more complex use.
</td>]
[<td>Úkolem práce je prozkoumat a implementovat systém pro správu digitálních podpisù ve firemním prostøedí. Aplikace se bude zabývat celým procesem vytvoøení digitálního podpisu, jeho ovìøováním, zkoumáním jeho platnosti a ukládání.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design and implementation of application to support the creation of teachers\\\' workload in CVUT environment based on model for calculating educational performance at workplace of university. The result should be a product that will help employee to effectively fill in and control teachers workload.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement a two-level logic function minimizer based on a structure called ternary tree. This tree offers up to severalfold computation speedup in comparison to the classic truth table and a considerable memory consumption reduction. It also automatically eliminates all duplicate terms and allows performing effective minimization based on complement and absorption rules.
Fundamental part of this work was perusing algorithms used by the minimization tool Espresso and their application on the ternary tree. The outcome of this work is analytic and experimental evaluation of time and memory complexity of these algorithms and comparison
of minimization results with Espresso.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with relatively new technology called „audio fingerprinting“. In the first part, four open-source libraries implementing this technique, were tested. Libraries were compared in several aspects. The second part describes a web application, which implements this technology, and its client Smartphone application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the frequency analysis of musical audio signal. It describes the basic 
concepts in signal processing. The work deals with the possibility of transferring the music signal 
into musical notation, using discrete wavelet transform. The work of the components processing 
string to SMF, and implementation of these components in any programming language. </td>]
[<td>Information technology project management represents fast domain of software engineering. This thesis specifically concentrates on managing the implementation of information systems and Microsoft Dynamics Sure Step Methodology. A case study compares an ad-hoc implementation approach to the Sure Step Methodology. The combination of both these approaches and their subsequent optimalization aim to find the better development process.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the works carried out in the user interface field focusing on interface agents (Embodied Conversational Agents). A brief summary of existing toolkits follows, which can be used for an implementation of an agent in a new application.
In the second part, an agent for Twitter is implemented utilizing the experimental ECAF Talking Head toolkit.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is implementation of web-based game similar to Civilization using framework Java Enterprise. The emphasis is given to analysis and implementation and description of infrastructure and tools used in development.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with a proposal and realization of a web solution determined for travelers. The proposed solution is based on the previous user research. Within the frame of user research was examined not only with what kind of inconvenience users encounter during the travels, but also how they manage their experiences, such as photographs of the already made trips. With a help of thus obtained information, a proposal of web solution was made. Proposal was made with a help of a prototpe of which were tested cognitive passage. This proposal of an aplication was subsequently implemented and eventually verified by the test of usability.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The theme of the thesis is focused on the game engines architecture along with their level editors. The design of a generic level editor independent on a particular game or a game engine was developed on the basis of the game engines and level editors’ analysis. The level editor was implemented and tested on a selected subset of game engines. The thesis can serve as a guide to the field of level editors. The implemented prototype can be used as a tool for 2D game world creations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the selection of appropriate tools and methods used for the testing of applications, their subsequent application to the information system for the project administration SWINPRO and analysis of results obtained during the testing. Besides testing, the part of the work is also the basic classification of the monitoring systems, including the selected system Nagios, used for the monitoring of the system SWINPRO. Historical data collected during the operation of Nagios provide statistics of availability of individual services, system SWINPRO as well as the whole server on which it operates.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on analysis of virtualisation platforms used on Linux OS, their management tools and design of interface which would allow to control different platform from one place. Result of this work is object oriented API in PHP programing language with demonstration web interface. Implementation is based on existing libvirt API infrastructure and allows simple manipulation with most common virtualisation platforms.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the issue of the administration of the wagon stock. The aim of the
thesis is to analyse, suggest and implement informational system for the support of the
administration of the wagon stock with regard to minimalize the costs connected with the
running of the vehicles. The proposed system will cooperate with the chosen GPS unit in
order to collect information about the location of the vehicles, show the actual location on
the interactive map and generate the book of journeys.
</td>]
[<td>Multiplatform web application, which is designed for def/mute people and other users. This application allow users to make audio-calls, video-calls, text chat, file transfer and audio/video conference calls.
The application is programmed in Adobe Flex technology.</td>]
[<td>Work deals with matching 3D models represented by the form of octrees. The objective of the bachelor project was to describe already existing methods of matching 3D models and create suitable matching metric for the case when models are represented by the form of octrees and voxel values move in the interval of &lt;0, 1&gt;.  
The asset of the thesis is creating suitable matching metric for the case when volume density of 3D models varies itself. The issue of different volume density of 3D models occurs widely e.g.in medicine, when a doctor gets e.g. a 2D view of the head and after that a 3D model of the head is reconstructed (restored) from 2D views. Then from the tomograph this model has different volume density in different places (e.g. free places, brain, rhexis, etc.). When we  compare 3D models which have different volume density, then it is a pivotal situation, since  comparing octrees will be more complicated due to their different depth. 
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is the implementation of the editor for RNG language. Editor will support syntax coloring, code completion with help, syntax checking and formatting, it will be integrated with RefactoringNG project.</td>]
[<td>The Hitag2 stream cipher is used in many realworld applications, such as car immobilizers and door opening systems, as well as for the access control of buildings. The short length of the 48-bit secret key employed makes the cipher vulnerable to a brute-force attack, i.e., exhaustive key search. In this paper we develop the first hardware architecture for the cryptanalysis of Hitag2 by means of exhaustive key search. Our implementation on the Cost-Optimized Parallel Code-Breaker COPACOBANA is able to reveal the secret key of a Hitag2 transponder in less than 2 hour (103.5 minutes) in the worst case. The speed of our approach outperforms all previously proposed attacks and requires only 2 sniffed communications between a car and a tag. Our findings thus define a new lower limit for the cloning of car keys in practice. Moreover, the attack is arbitrarily parallelizable and could thus be run on multiple COPACOBANAs to decrease the time to find the secret key.</td>]
[<td>The work is mainly refered to a design and an implementation of applications for mobile operating system Android. The application design is based on a domain model and a UI definition model, which is also used in open source project Alvila Skills. Using these models together with designed and implemented generator it is possible to create a complete application. The generator is implemented as a plugin for Eclipse development environment. The whole process of the development is described on a model example Shopping list. The work also contains an analysis of existing solutions relating to generating UIs and generating applications generally.</td>]
[<td>In this Bachelor Thesis we create a system for administration of a Linux server. The requests for desired configuration are entered into a web-based interface and the system automatically configures the operating system and its services according to them.

The services configured are those of so-called webhosting, where the main concern is to configure a working web server environment. The configured services are namely: domain server (DNS), web server (HTTP), FTP server and a MySQL database server.

A great emphasis is placed on the quickness of reaction to changes. All the components react to change within 5 minutes, but most of them immediately.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is a part of the long-term project called Mantichora, whose goal is to create a flexible and modular platform for executing and visualising simple simulations.

The thesis mostly focuses on the distributed variant of Mantichora. In designing and implementing the shared object environment, it elaborates on the inter-core network communication solution. Furthermore, the thesis presents the design and implementation of a mechanism to balance load among modules and gives a tutorial on how to work with it.</td>]
[<td>In this work, I tried to practically implement the interactive simulation of czech football league and managing of football team by free selection.My main focus was concentraced on the match process, selecting formations, concrete players on specific positions and choosing the proper tactics.The result is a program which implements these events.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis contains a proposal and implement and the implementation of the model of Petri nets to FPGA. Design model is created and simulation using the program HPSim. The resulting model is divided into component and converted into VHDL. The platform for system design is used Xilinx ISE WebPack 10.1. The result is the visualization into the FPGA Spartan 3E.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the integration of project management system with the bug tracking system. The report firstly researches chosen bug tracking applications, followed by analysis of the current situation in the application. Furthermore, application concept and implementation is described. The following two section deal with deploying and testing of integrated systems, both during development and after application deployment. The language UML is used to documenting whole project.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes ways used to program an instruction-level emulator of an x86 processor, including emulation of basic hardware equipment. There are results of comparions with other x86 emulators, too.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes design and implementation of adaptive web application. Part of the thesis
is a theoretical introduction to the field of adaptive hypermedia systems and an overview of
technologies used for implementation.
This is an experimental project, which aims to demonstrate and verify in practice the theoretical
knowledge of adaptation in e-learning web applications. The thesis includes both the
own implementation and data model creation.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design and implementation of a sparse matrix generator.
One of the goals was to provide a simple user interface and many possible settings of matrix parameters,
including the generation of various types of matrices (symmetric, regular, singular, band).
The matrices can also be viewed and edited in a visual form.

The final outcome of the work is this document, describing the structure of the application
and used algorithms, as well as the attached CD, which contains the complete program and its source codes.</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces a new object oriented programming language Caffeine. It is built on
the base of Java programming language and this base is extended by new constructs and
operations, which are characteristic for the type system of the new language. This type
language introduces work with envelopes covering work with objects. This thesis contains
an analysis and implementation of a compiler frontend composed from lexical, syntactic and
semantical analyzers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the Apple iOS platform, the programming language Objective-C and the Cocoa Touch Software Development Kit (SDK) in the first part and then depicts analysis and implementation of a German language learning application for iPhone based on an existing web application. The main goal of the new implementation was to create a an interactive and visually appealing program that would be more attractive to young audience. Data in the application is being persisted using the Core Data platform that facilitates model driven development and allows for different data storage types to be used. A Mac OS X application was also developed to create and manipulate the data file that specifies questions in the quiz application. Due to Apple’s strict license policy and limitations, the application could not have been fully tested as it was not deployed onto a physical device.
Keywords: ! Apple, iPhone, iOS, Cocoa, Cocoa Touch, Mac OS, German, Core Data, Language Learning Software, Quiz</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the design, realization and testing of a web-based time organizer.
It should be used in purpose of private calendar management as well as public, fully
interactive and multi-user event planning. The chosen solution is based on an analysis of
actually most used applications, and it in some cases uses their API to interact and exchange
data (Facebook API, Google Contact Data API). It provides an ability to export
event into iCal format which represents standard in this area too. The work itself is implemented
in PHP language, which describes the application logic built on the top of data
persisted in a MySQL server database. Zend Framework and Doctrine ORM framework,
which form the basis of application, improve extensibility. The user interface is reformed by
jQuery javascript library and its plugins.</td>]
[<td>Mantichora is a multi-generation student project, whose goal is the creation of a modular and distributed environment for simple simulations. This thesis is aimed mainly at the modularity of Mantichora. It focuses on a survey of existing modular applications, design of our own modular solution, and continues with its realization. In the end the thesis contains a tutorial on how to create those modules.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor work is the design and the realization of electronic tripmaster. Tripmaster is a device used in automobile or motorcycle racing for the accurate measurement of the total distance traveled and the distance between the waypoints. It must allow rapid correction of the measured distances in each waypoint. Furthermore, it can be used to measure various physical quantities. The device must also be sufficiently robust and resistant to water due because of possibility of using a motorcycle.
The work deals with hardware design, structural design and implementation of basic software for this device.</td>]
[<td>Manticore is a long-term student project, designed to allow easy simulations of simple scenarios in a user-friendly interface. The aim of this work is to establish a basis for Manticore physics engine that allows the simulation of solar systems.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes advantages and disadvantages of a cloud computing. When is it useful to place an application into the cloud and limitations which clouds bring. It is explained what cloud generally is in the beginning. Various implementations are introduced and compared together. The Google App Engine cloud was chosen for this thesis and is analysed in more detail.
 
The second part deals with programming a few small appliacations for testing and comparing performance of the storage. One larger application was made and is described its structure and architecture. Scalability and performance of this appliacation were tested using large amount of requests. All the results are summarized and compared in the conclusion.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an implementation of web pages for the Bílá Lhota elementary school. First describes weaknesses of current school’s pages and reasons for making new and better ones. Secondly it explains technologies of an implementation of a modern school web site with a regard of a security and economical limits. Moreover describes a procedure of a webhosting choice. Finally the thesis shows what could be upgraded or extended in the future.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to create a parallel application for the synthesis tool ABC. The work is divided into three parts.

In the first part of this work the possibility of implementation work is analyzed and discussed. There is discussed how to use the ABC tool for parallelization of logic synthesis, and how to incorporate it into a parallel environment.

Another part is the description of the implementation of solutions. This section contains a description of program structure and its key parts.

The last part are measurement results, processing and subsequent evaluation. This section describes how to launch the program on different platforms. Then there is described how the testing was processed and how were measured results and their final evaluation.

In the result evaluation was confirmed that it is possible to achieve better results by parallelization of logic sysnthesis than by sequential execution. Using parallelization can find an a sequence of commands that is suitable for sequential execution.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to search the team projects at Czech Technical University in Prague and identification of taught courses in which the IS system could be beneficial for the management of teamwork.

Main objective was to describe way of testing and create automated tests of developed application that will help test the functionality of the various parts of the application. The work is useful for the future development of the project, which may serve as a guide, created tests can be applied to problems after all requirements will be implemented.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to study current solutions of sending SMS messages using personal computer and regular mobile phones, specify restrictions of available solutions for sending huge quantities of SMS messages and implementation of functional prototype, which will be usable for sending huge quantities of SMS messages.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with analysis and design of dispatching informational system controlled by user defined workflows. Main task of that system is to collect events for example from electronic fire alarms and electronic security alarms. To inform responsible persons about that event system uses telecommunication services like interactive voice response and short message service. To that purpose is used voice platform Optimtalk and SMS gateway Materna. This work also aims to design and realization interfaces to that services.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a design and implementation of communication network between MicroBlaze processors. The most important goal was minimalization of used resources regarding to implementation platform.  As an implementation platform we have chosen an educational board Spartan 3E Starter kit. The hardware has been described in a VHDL hardware description language. Drivers for the hardware were written in the C language, which was compiled for MicroBlaze processor. The circuit has been implemented in a FPGA. 
Whole implemented system is functional. It has been tested by simulation and by functional test. Hardware resources used by our router are smaller than resources, which are used by Hermes network. Tests of speed wasnt made, so my and Hermes designs can\\\'t be compared in this way.
Educational board Spartan 3E doesn\\\'t offer as many resources as we need for our purposes. As better implementation platform we recommend another board.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with spam detection and data flow detection between clients of p2p exchange networks. It introduces the reader into the problems and deals with the possibilities for connection tracking by conntrack module on GNU/Linux system. It describes implementation features of the prototype program analyzer, which is implemented in C++ and in the future it will be used by the mid-sized ISP.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design, implementation and integration of the module intended for the generation of the project classification templates with the existing system. There is the analysis of the current state of the application at first. The next part of work is the analysis of possible output formats of the generated templates. There is the module architecture designing using the abstract template generators in the design part of work. The implementation and integration phase describes the usage of the necessary libraries and the methods of the classification templates creation, data validation and the connection of the modules with the application core. In the end of work is the testing of the implemented modules. Whole application development uses the standard UML diagrams for the documentation purposes. Created modules are independent on the application core and they are realized as the web services.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis will be to analyze, design and implement an electronic edition of F. X. ©alda’s work. Application will allow to insert scanned data and consequently work on this data through a web browser. Data can then be exported in TEI-P5 XML format.Part of the project will feature a public presentation of created data including graphic view.
</td>]
[<td>This work presents optimisation, implementation and benchmarking of a 2D pattern matching algorithm that uses an indexing pushdown automaton to find occurrences of a suitably linearised 2D pattern. 

The work describes the original algorithm and proposed optimised solution which improves the complexity of the algorithm to the level of the naive algorithm in exchange for the necessity of input verification before the matching. Next, the work describes the implementation of the algorithm, basic data structures and functions, testing methods, test categories, their characteristics and discusses measured results.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is a part of the long-term project called Mantichora, whose goal is to create a tool for visualisising simple simulations. It is a modular system working above a shared core. The objective of this thesis and the theses of my colleagues is to design and implement this shared core. The second objective is to create a tool (the so-called launcher), which will be able to configure this core, connect it to modules and run it. The implemented core and launcher will serve as a basis for the future creation of worlds and modules. There will be a possibility to extend the launcher to support the cooperation of multiple cores communicating over a network.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis aims to analyze, propose and process the connection of the web project to the information system. It means a connection of two separate databases. The thesis is trying to find appropriate existing resources in order to achieve the set goals and the possibilities to extend these resources of necessary functionalities.We are trying hand over the responsibility for manual entering of information, which every day engages one person, to an automated process that will be sufficiently reliable, but also variable with the option of adding additional extensions.We believe that the identified goals have been achieved. But there is also much
space for expansion of solutions, on which we will most likely be working after completion of he thesis.</td>]
[<td>At first we study existing software for 3D model editing, mainly software with photo
transformation functionality.Next step is describing of algorithms, which are used. After that we
show architecture and implementation of 3D Min Studio software, which is product of this work.
In the end we show few examples and comparing with other similar products.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and construction of driver for USB controller Cypress CY7C68013A. This controller is used on development board of intelligent camera Visor. It is modular system based on digital signal processor Blackfin ADSP-BF-532. This controller should replace existing slow serial port, because its USB 2.0 High-Speed mode offers maximum transmission speed of 480Mbit/s.

Camera sensor MT9V022 has been used to capture picture data. This thesis describes is configuration and shows the way of obtaining the data.

This work also deals with konfiguration of Linux kernel, shows how to customize it, add new options and how to use them. Importance and influence of individual choices has been also brought to discussion.
</td>]
[<td>Crossroads are critical place of road network from the capacity point of view. Considering the endless growth of automobile transportation, their projection will always be more difficult. Thesis is concerned with the issue of quality estimation of uncontrolled levelled crossroads. Main goals are to familiarize the process of computation, to design and finally implement an application, capable of automatizing this estimation. The designed application is user friendly and capable of manipulating with input and output file formats.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes the design, construction and realization of a main control panel for controlling industrial buildings and other automated units. The core of the main control unit is a microcontroller AT91SAM7X512.  The program of the entire device is implemented in EtherNut operating system and allows connection and remote control via the Internet.  It deals with the establishment of communication between the card input, output, and keyboard information via the protocol on the parallel and serial RS-485 bus. The work includes a complete hardware implementation of the control unit, including PCB design and verification of the functionality of the system.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor\\\'s thesis describes methods used in artificial neural network-based data mining and knowledge discovery. Neural networks are particularly useful when solving complex data mining problems, mainly because they allow us to conveniently model nonlinear dependences as well.
The practical contribution of the thesis is the addition of new models into the core of FAKE GAME project as well as the facilitation of the use of these methods in the open source software RapidMiner for regression and classification problems.

We showed that the major challenge in the successful deployment of the newly added methods is the correct setting of their parameters. We demonstrated this fact through sensitivity analysis and through testing of the models on a wide range of both real-world and laboratory data.</td>]
[<td>The theme of this bachelor thesis is the Augmented Reality. The first chapter is dedicated to the term „Augmented Reality“ and the principles on which it operates. It also contains a list of components necessary for creation of the augmented reality system and possible variants of these devices.
The second chapter is entirely devoted to programming tools for augmented reality. It contains examples of currently available tools for programming the AR in the commercial and noncommercial sector including description of the way they work, their advantages and disadvantages and the ways of application.
The last chapter describes the avalible chosen tool for augmented reality and shows its possible use for entertainment and educational purposes. Especially in games that offeres the use of augmented reality as a user interface for manipulation with 3D scene, that this chapter also tries to approach.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bacular work is to implement AJAX technology into JSF Wiki Library, which facilitates the process of working with the wiki and increases the speed of page loading. This technology is becoming a new standard in Web applications whose behavior is therefore closer to desktop applications. This work also includes an extension of implementation of the user access control list. Reader will get familiar with AJAX and the JSF UI components problematics.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with designing and implementation of Student Advisor Consulting Centre Information System. This application will be used especially for creating advertisements with work opportunities by companies and supply of skills by students.
The system will be based on XWiki platform and integrated with the Faculty Information System using technology Shibboleth.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis was to create user interface for a web game which would be similar to the game Civilization. The whole application was created by a team consisting of three people and it was written in Java Enterprise Edition. Detailed analysis, description of implementation with interesting facts, automated tests of user interface and overview of infrastructure used during the development of the game are the main parts.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the diploma thesis is to project and realize automatic control of a hardening furnace KVKEs-2 in the company PÉROVNA s.r.o. in Prague - Hostivaø. For the control there is used a programmable logic controller range Simatic S7-1200 from the company Siemens AG and a touch panel Siemens KTP600 Basic color PN with a diagonal 5.7 inches. Project documentation, designed control algorithm, putting in operation and on-the-job training are parts of realization.

At first the thesis focuses on detailed description of the hardening furnace and analysis of calculated touch panels and PLC. Then attention is paid to characteristics of PLCs and their structure and user program processing whereas the OPC server concept is also mentioned. Subsequently the control problem analysis with pointing out of possible decision procedure is elaborated. Afterwards the particular functions of created program are analyzed in detail and finally the detailed analysis of their testing procedure is mentioned. The verification was carried out by simulation, when the simulated device reacts to signals and reproduces behavior of real device.
</td>]
[<td>GNU/Linux is widely used as operating system, but not as much as network device, especially in
network environment that requires high performance.  Advances in commodity hardware open
possibilities for this open source operating system even in this field.

This thesis discusses what hardware is needed to build 10GbE GNU/Linux network device, what 
technologies are behind it. Performance evaluation shows whether it can compete with specialized hardware
and may highlight some yet unsolved issues. It discusses different ways of system optimization 
especially under heavy load. A part of this thesis describes how to perform RFC 2544 performance tests
based on open source tools, how to design necessary network for such a test and how to configure
all elements. Further it describes different ways how to tune performance of network cards and
network stack of GNU/Linux operating system. This includes for example settings of hardware features of network
cards, profiling and tuning of kernel.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of my bachelor thesis is to design and implement an information system for
managing users, computers and services of student club Silicon Hill. This information system
is working as a web application that allows registration and signing in of the club members.
The users may move in the system in accordance with dened privileges, which enables
editing the system. The most important functions of the system is managing of user\\\'s and
club\\\'s computers, which are subsequently connected in one of the largest student computer
networks in Central Europe.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about design and implementation of integration of SWINPRO application with collaborative project management tool. In the first part is overview of five different collaborative project management tools. The Assembla tool is chosen for integration with application SWINPRO. The second part contains requirement and use case analysis and choice of technology for implementation. The third part is about design and implementation, describes architecture of the system, used technologies and libraries. Last part is about testing. The integration is realized by using web services.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a relatively new technology, namely the augmented
reality. Its aim is to introduce methods that use augmented reality applications and
also to enable its use in practice. The main topic of this thesis is to explore the
available development tools and compare them, with emphasis on commercial use
in advertising and presentations.
The work is mainly based on Internet-accessible information and the official
websites of rated companies. Considering the character of the thesis which is
based on background research the author’s view and possible recommendations
can be found in the summary chapter.
The conclusion summarizes all of the advantages and disadvantages of the
present-day work with the augmented reality and foreshadows its future on the
field of advertising.</td>]
[<td>The main task of the~bachelor thesis is the implementation of the presentation part for the web reservation system of an accommodation for the information centers. This involves the implementation of the administrative interface for the~administrator. Further on it offers an implementation and a registration for the system. It also provides a new registration, modification and elimination from accommodation facility. It also includes an implementation part for the customers, which offers a selecting system in accommodation facility and moreover it shows down a selecting system. The result of the work is a successfully working system in all mentioned points.
</td>]
[<td>Real estate market is quite complicated and the opportunity to obtain an overview of market using analysis provides a competitive advantage. This paper is focused on the design and implementation of a web based system. Application should be able to create reports from data collected at the real estate servers. The report will give access to search for lucrative offers, price map, overview of price history, distribution of property and the ability to scan through collected data. The important part of the thesis is finding the optimal adjustment of methods of statistical analysis and data mining, so the result should have ease of decision about real estate price offers. </td>]
[<td>This thesis specifies use cases of using public transport in mobile environment, in which one might need the help of time table. Smartphones can greatly facilitate the work and increase the speed and efficiency of search. In the thesis, there are addressed two large groups of problems - how to obtain input data and ho to present the search results to the user.

The result of this work is a prototype application for the Android operating system, which implements five different ways to enter starting and destination points and their arbitrary combinations. These methods include: entering the name of the station with autocompletion, stops around the current device location, user-configurable saved locations, selection of location on the map and the ability to specify the location by its address. Part of the implementation is a server that serves as a mediator between mobile application and data source. Application does not work with real data from the IDOS system.</td>]
[<td>Aim of the project is to implement a library in programming language C++ for a serialization of objects into the XML format. Implementation requirements are based on a comparison of available solutions. The library is documented and demonstrated in several examples.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with development of an internet shop with help of WebML methodology and development tool WebRatio. The process of the work is well documented from proposal, through analysis to implementation. All these parts are described with standard software methodologies. The result of this work is fully functional application tested for flawless
functionality. Application is benefit mainly because of documentation, which can help other students to manage the new methodology and development tool faster.</td>]
[<td>Abstract labour occupies itself with creating the mathematical model of hypothermia of the human body. It´s needed to familiarize with problems of hypothermia of the human body and the way human body behaves during the process of hypothermia. A comparison of so-far used models for hypothermia is implemented. It is being searched for a model which is in accordance with reality. It is found out that no model for the consequent stage of warming up has been found yet and that´s why an own implementation of a simple mathematical model of cooling of the human body composed of three cylinders in the Mathematica environment has been created. On the basis of the own model, it is found out, which parameters are crucial for the pace of cooling.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of web application for teachers of English in basic school. The purpose of the work is to build a system in which teachers may easily create thematic sets of questions. From them will be subsequently generated tests, that will be automatically evaluated. The system will create basic statistics.</td>]
[<td>Modern peer-to-peer systems are increasingly complex yet their testing still
requires controlled and repeatable environment. The complexity of these systems
and their protocols severely lowers feasibility of simulation in this regard.
The solution that permits the use of the actual applications and associated
protocols in the controlled and repeatable environment is emulation. Emulation
allows real hosts to communicate through a transparent virtual network modelling
the real network. However, the virtual network is often created by the emulation
layer placed in the operating system\\\'s kernel posing a certain challenges
regarding practical usability -- the features needed for creating the
environment are there but a significant expertise is required to properly use
them. In addition, the components in the kernel are often primarily concerned
with practical traffic shaping and Quality of Service in general rather than
emulation. This work presents a framework significantly simplifying the creation
and configuration of the network emulation environment while pointing out and
helping avoid some common pitfalls an unsuspecting user might run into. Those
wishing for more in-depth look on the possibilities for network emulation on
Linux are presented with an extensive theoretical background and host of related
work.</td>]
[<td>This thesis documents the design, implementation and evaluation of a flexible, highly customizable device that can passively capture, store and actively replay Fast Ethernet traffic with high timing precision.

To meet these requirements, a set of enhancements was introduced in the pcap library and device drivers. On top of the improvements, the author identified, collected and adapted a set of recent technologies to originate a $100, 680MHz, commercial off-the-shelf MIPS device capable of capturing and generating full speed Fast Ethernet traffic with high timing precision and without any impact on the analyzed network. Additionally, performance of this device was challenged in Gigabit Ethernet and contributed to successful optimization of the software part beyond the Fast Ethernet borders. 

The performance of the device was compared against commonly used Linux tools (tcpdump and tcpreplay) running the same platform. Measurements show that the generation rate is up to three times higher than of tcpreplay. Furthermore, the capturer can handle 30% higher data and packet rates and the tests reveal that the precision reaches down to 4 microseconds, which is twice the precision achieved with tcpdump.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is picking up on dissertation \\</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to test a few selected sorting algorithms and present the results. Each sorting algorithm is tested on pregenerated data that reflects most common scenarios in real applications and reveals advantages and disadvantages of a particular algorithm for the given case.

The results of this work should help deciding which sorting algorithm is suitable for given data of a particular size and structure.</td>]
[<td>The PRESENT cipher is symmetric block cipher with 64 bits of data block and 80 (or 128) bits of key. It is based on Substitution-permutation network and consists of 31 rounds. PRESENT is intended to be implemented in small embedded and contactless systems, thus its design needs only small amount of chip area and consumes little power.

This work present brute-force attack on this cipher conducted on special parallel hardware COPACOBANA consisting of array of FPGA chips with custom design. Later in the work there is also discussed possibility of use the time-memory trade-off methods to minimize the time required for obtaining the key.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to extend HTML editors by providing JavaScript help with writing English texts. The first part explains creation of Java application which mines data needed for the help. The second part describes implementation of Java server providing stored data. The third part aims to document the making of JavaScript GUI showing the actual language help in browser.</td>]
[<td>The thesis on examples describes and compares various methods of rapid development of web pages front-end code. Based on the research of various rapid web-development tools a weak spot in the current approach is identified - the information about the structure and content of the original design file is scarcely used in the process of creating the web page.

Based on this fact the thesis further investigates the possibility of obtaining these metadata. An Adobe PhotoShop script is created to demonstrate the ways to retrieve such data. Because of the unexpectedly high volume of data retrieved an attention is paid to their detailed analysis with a goal to identify such metadata which would allow the programmer to convert them directly or with just little intervention into the front-end code of a web page. A simple pilot application written in PHP is then created to prove the concept viable.</td>]
[<td>Regular tree expressions are a natural formalism for describing the sets of tree-structured values. Regular tree expression matching is an important operation in Computer Science with a number of useful applications oriented on searching in trees, manipulation with tree content or describing tree like structures. Description of such regular tree expressions and their conversion to pushdown automata is presented. The systematic approach to the construction of this regular tree matchers is based on a combination of linear tree notation called bar notation with height-deterministic pushdown automata and is very similar to matching regular expressions for strings using finite automata.</td>]
[<td>An event organization for a considerable number of persons requires to administer a significant amount of information. Web application developed within this thesis is an information system for international bridge tournament attended by several dozen of players.

The application allows to book accommodation, maintain registration of tournament players and record list of invoices. Functionality is customized for a particular tournament but the application has an ambition to serve to organizers of other events too.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The aim of my thesis is to document current implementation of e-mail editor in Mozilla Thunerbird and create an extension, on the bases of the observations, which grants access to editor\\\'s functionality to other developers of ExtBrain project. The thesis also involves an implementation of styling toolbar enhancing formating capabilities in e-mail comunication. </td>]
[<td>
The article deals with the proposal and realisation of the basic module of simple car alarm, which contains uProcessor, power suply part, GPS and GSM module. The car alarm reactson unautorized use of the car by sending an SMS. Spreading accross alarm modes (securityon/off) and controlling service functions is also via SMS.
A testing sample of the basic modul was designed and realized during the work and simple firmware was programmed</td>]
[<td>In this Bachelor thesis I aim to describe and compare the solution methods of elliptic partial differential equations.
The comparison is based on calculation of static electromagnetic field density.

An output of the thesis is also a demonstration application written in Java programming language that solves the problem using a numerical grid method.
Parameters of the problem, i.e. the layout of the scene including its shape and grid size, are loaded from an external file.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes design and prototype implementation of a data integration platform of the Alvila Skills project. This platform will provide access of various clients to different data sources through a unified data model. The platform design contains definition of the platform core and additional base components. The prototype implementation is built on OSGi platform and Eclipse Modeling Framework.

The result of this work is platform prototype implementation with platform core and sample modules. These sample modules are represented by data sources, that provide access to XMI files and relational databases, and by data providers, that publish data to client applications in formats like XMI, JSON and SOAP. The Virgo Web Server is used as the runtime platform of the final application.
</td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is a software solution to business intelligence needs (and it\\\'s integration) of commercial company with existing and working information system. First, the current systems state is discussed, with expected results, that the new system part
should bring about, outlined. In the next part, the analysis of technological possibilities is performed. The main topic being, how to solve given problem taking complexity, modularity and suitability with respect to expected system load into account. Based on this analysis,
a system is designed, implemented and documented, which is capable of creating required reports and makes room for future development as well. In the end, the results of the deployed solution are discussed.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the problem of the optimization of the transfer of compressed files in the network via the HTTP protocol. The main goal is to transfer only modified data inside the archive. The existing solutions had been analyzed and three solutions were presented. The solutions include the process of implementation and utilization inside the existing application. The conclusion of this thesis is to chose the best solution.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with two problems. First is description and implementation three algorithms
for testing tree izomorphism. Second is description of four methods how to draw trees and
two of this methods also implement. After all, comparison and evaluation of results obtained
by algorithms. Appendant CD contains application where is possible to draw two trees and
detect their izomorphism.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with development and testing of the new type of text input method for mobile touchscreen devices based on Android platform. The vector keyboard prototype is tested and results compared with other commonly used touchscreen keyboards. New features are described and implemented based on results of previous usability testing. The second part of this work talks about word prediction, which has been added and describes the results of second user test focused on finger trajectories when writing and their influence on misspells.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is proposal of a suitable unit for calculation of function values of sin, cos, arctan, exp and log functions using the CORDIC method and evaluation of acquired accuracy.

In the first part of this work the CORDIC method principle is elaborated and also the ways of transforming universal arguments into an interval where the unit operates. The work further describes hardware implementation of this unit and evaluation of acquired accuracy.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis contains documentation of analysis and implementation of information system for support of self-governing academic authorities with focus on needs of Acedemic senate of FIT CTU. Bussines of the system is to simplify and automatize processes dealing with session or voting of these self-governing authorities. It covers: on-line voting (utilising existing user accounts of LDAP database), management of votings and sessions, presentation of chosen information on web pages (including searching) and interface for connection of hardware voting device.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with navigation of visually impaired people in outdoor using Google Android mobile phone. At the beginning of the thesis possibilities of Google Android Platform and its libraries are analyzed. The next part describes needs of visually impaired people and their possibilities of interaction with mobile phones. The main part of this thesis is focused on implementation of two-phase navigation. In the first phase the sighted user creates a description of the route and in the second phase the application navigates visually impaired person through this route. The implementation has been extensively tested in several real world scenarios.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement a program in JavaFX, that allows teachers on the Department of Computer Science and Engineering to express wishes, which subjects they want to teach. These wishes will be stored on the remote server. This server will be accessed by the REST web service. The application should provide the full functionality of the application, which is used by the staff on the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.</td>]
[<td>The intention behind the \\</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a system that assigns a digitized test for a particular student. Part of the work is to design and test a suitable method for the test and the student identification. Emphasis is also placed on close cooperation with the test generator and application on the test correction.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis covers the theme of data mining and data preprocessing. The thesis body covers the data normalization theme. This normalization is as a part of preprocessing implemented into the FakeGame project. Two types of normalization are described.
Project is implemented in SQL and Java language. Tests were performed to determine the normalization-methods-time dependence on amount and on location of data.</td>]
[<td>There is a lot of web applications for creating catalogue of anything. This work brings a model of front-end application, in this case catalogue, with modern development techniques including objected oriented model of application. It is unusual to use those methods in old applications. The application consists of multiple layers. The server-side caching layer enhances the response time of the underlaying database.

Technological solution mainly shows a model with product catalogue as an example. The graphical output of the application is limited yet sufficient to demonstrate all the user features. The goal of this work was showing the model as a platform for developing other applications. The framework used for initial implementation has been changed sucesfully during the testing phase. It demonstrates that the model of application could be independent of framework.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis was to connect the railway interlocking equipment, which had
been made as an earlier thesis, to the peripherals. The blocks of the railway interlocking
equipment were modified to add more inputs and outputs needed for the keyboard control,
display and communication with the CAN bus. The results of the work are VHDL modules
that are used for the display and keyboard communication and a circuit board that is able
to communicate via serial port with FPGA as well as with the CAN bus.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is focused on a implementation of class library for managing domain name services of a Microsoft Domain Name Service (DNS) using interfaces Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) and further implementation of distributed solution based on client/server for remote procedure calling using implemented library on a technology Windows Communication Foundation (WCF).

The result of the work is a simple Web application in ASP.NET hosted on a Internet Information Services (IIS), which will contains a Web controls that show a functionality overview of the implemented distributed solution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of a project on Android system that
focuses on visually impaired or blind users. The goal of this project is a design and devel-
opment of a mobile device application that provides users with relevant information about
points of interest in the surroundings. The application uses GPS and compass sensors to
determine the device location and orientation and connects to online services, such as Google
Maps or OpenStreetMaps, to retrieve the data. The application structures the data into
a hierarchy of categories and layers that allows ltering and querying. The application pro-
vides basic information about the point of interest as well as the walking directions and
distance required to reach the particular place. The interaction is made accessible using the
text-to-speech synthesis. The project also introduces a concept of an accessible tactile map
that enables a blind user to search for places on the touchscreen. The application has been
tested with visually impaired users and the positive feedback proved its usability.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and implementation of the telephone exchange part of a telephony system capable of managing multiple SIP registrations from different VoIP providers for one customer’s end-point.
The result is a functional conﬁguration of the FreeSWITCH software telephone exchange with automatic operation which allows it’s users to make outbound calls using Least Cost Routing.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with visualization of logic circuits for multiplication and division of polynomials. These circuits are used for encoding and coding. The result is an application which allows to generate, display and simulate these circuits. Emphasis is placed on graphic representation of the process of multiplication and division.</td>]
[<td>Analyze issues concerning the movement of wheelchair users around the city. Propose a user interface and a possible way of interaction with a mobile navigation system. In your design, take into account the limitations and needs of wheelchair users. On the mobile device (upon agreement with the chief), implement a user interface and application logic for a smartphone which will use external data source. Test the application in a real environment in cooperation with wheelchair users.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to create an information system for ICT company for better managing customer asset, tasks and provide knowledgebase for internal use and also as a Frequently Asked Questions for customers.</td>]
[<td>The target of this work is to create a program that will help with design of an irrigation system. We have to include many very complex rules during the creating of the sprinkler system. This is the reason why the main part of irrigation systems are created by specialized companies. Graphical editor provide a tool to create a model of garden, place all sprinkler components, automatically check connections between the components and compute all values necessary for correct function of an irrigation system. With this system almost everyone will able to create and build own an irrigation system by own hands.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of a system that allows you to send encrypted messages using the XMPP protocol. The implementation uses nowadays most widely used encryption standard OpenPGP, which have obtained a place between the XMPP protocol extensions due to its popularity. Application that we have developed and implemented in this thesis is focused on the safety of the user in the Internet environment. It provides secure real-time communication through one of the most commonly used IM protocols in the world. The resulting application is built on a platform-independent cryptographic library Cryptix, which provides the basis for the implementation of the OpenPGP standard. The main contribution of this work is the creation of the first multiplatform XMPP client that provides integrated support for OpenPGP standard.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to describe development of the interactive Java applet designed for graph algorithms simulation and simple graph editing. The main goal is to create general simulation engine that can be easily utilized with other algorithms. This goal is reached on the basis of analysis of graph algorithm pseudo code. This thesis also focuses on the limitations of Java applet platform and tries to minimize the impact of these limitations on the functionality of the application.</td>]
[<td>This Master’s Thesis describes the project, implementation and testing of a web application designated to sell used agricultural machinery with emphasis on user experience. The result of this work is fully functional and useable web application.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement an electronic voting application for the
Android platform that will enable people to vote securely from anywhere. The application
as a whole is aimed at being compatible with devices from many manufacturers and running
dierent versions of the operating system. The application is also aimed at being localized.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the structure and the implementation of the software which handles an onboard computer of a motorcycle. The application has two parts: the first part enables to create configuration files for the onboard computer and the second one allows to view measured data. The application is implemented in the programming language C# from the company Microsoft.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor describes two algorithms for solving maximum flow and minimal cut on graphs.
This works focus on Ford-Fulkerson and Boykov-Kolmogorov algorhm. For algorithm Boykov-
Kolmogorov has been created graphical tool, which visualize way, how algorithm works on
networks similar to planar grids. works on different principals. This work also implements
program, which describes, how boykov-kolmogorov algorithm works.</td>]
[<td>GPXReporter application is being developed to fill the blank spot among GPS data processing applications. Nowadays there is no application so complex and still user-friendly enough to obtain and process GPX data, show them in the form of statistics, charts or maps and export to a pdf file. The purpose of GPXReporter is not only to offer these functions, but also to add offline support and operating system independence.</td>]
[<td>This work describes development of JavaSript XML/XQuery editor. It starts with selection of proprietary existing editor and his integration with system CellStore. Main part of work is context help, which should simplify writing of XQuery queries. This context help should improve searching elements and collections in database by writing database query.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis was to design and implement adaptive routing algorithm for data transmission in the low voltage power line network and to optimize the algorithm for lower energy consumption. </td>]
[<td>Práce se zabývá implementací vybraných metod a heuristik pro øe¹ením øídkých soustav linearních rovnic. Vybrané metody, heuristiky a úlo¾i¹tì jsou popsány, u metod je urèena èasová a pamì»ová
slo¾itost. Implementované metody jsou otestovány s vhodnými datovými úlo¾i¹ti a heuristikami pro pøeskupení matic.
</td>]
[<td>This master\\\'s thesis is concerned with the protection of user\\\'s privacy on
the social web. At present, the decision about sensitivity of information a
user wants to publish is left entirely to him/her. The complexity of
specifying right sharing restrictions for each piece of information,
however, is great because the user has to consider the information content
and its social context. The user has to also have knowledge about the
propagation of the information in the environment of the social web. Even if
the user is able to determine the right sharing restrictions, he/she then
has to specify it manually.

The contribution of this thesis is a semi-automatic mechanism that helps the
user to determine sensitivity of published information and propose a
recommended set of recipients. The input of the mechanism is formally
represented by newly proposed language that allows to describe
privacy-relevant data and sharing rules. The developed mechanism also
includes a module for automated annotation of published information, which
greatly improves the usability of the tool. To evaluate and demonstrate the
mechanism, a prototype was developed for the Facebook platform. The
evaluation results show that if the mechanism correctly annotates input
information, it can correctly suggest on average 72% of the users who
should be prevented from seeing the information.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this work is an implementation of a web application for tagging people on photos on any web page. Solution consists of a server which runs on Google App Engine cloud platform and therefore can handle large amount of users.

Client part takes form of an extension of Google Chrome web browser, which makes the user interface for viewing and creating new tags available to end users.</td>]
[<td>This project takes care about design and implementation of an application, which will be used to create Tcl scripts for Cisco Voice Gateways in a graphical way and without any programming knowledge. Application will allow downloading of generated scripts through a communication interface.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor project introduces design patterns as a programming tool. The software architecture and its styles, namely N-TIER pattern are also of the concern there. Later, some of the object-oriented design principles are implemented in a single example. Finally, the practical use of particular design patterns are presented in a simple software project.</td>]
[<td>The object of this thesis is a creation of libraries for communication with universal peripheral board in Java programming language. Created libraries enable to control individual peripheries of the board from the computer. During the work firmware, communication protocol and demo application were created beside the libraries.</td>]
[<td>Evolutionary algorithms are part of nature inspired algorithms. They are simple, widely applicable and thanks to excelent performance very popular. Aim of this thesis is to implement and integrate subset of evolutionary algorithms as a library into existing framework. Analysis and design based on general description of evolutionary algorithms will be crucial. This procedure will preserve their implied modularity and resulting algorithms will become result of combination of single build blocks. The resulting algorithms will be flexible and easily comparable. Subsequent integration will have top priority for preservation and accessibility of this capability.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to find a solution of extending an Asterisk switchbox by standard functions of a school broadcast system based on 
the VoIP technology. This project deals with analysis of possible solutions, selection of suitable components, designing of graphical user interface 
and implementation of the proposed system. Technical equipment, which is necessary for successful implementation, is also described in the diploma 
thesis. The final part evaluates advantages of the new system to its users. </td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is analysis and implementation of school register and students data evidence application focused on data collection for the UIV (Institute for Informations in Education). Result is a web application implemented as a SaaS (Software as a Service), which will be available to schools via internet. This work also includes evaluation of the coverage of existing applications.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to change the architecture of the project FAKE GAME to make the project be able to be developed and integrated in other aplications. The next goal is to analyze other projects in data mining and integrate all main components of the FAKE GAME (regression and classification models) in the application RapidMiner. The next step is to implement a solution, which allows the project FAKE GAME to execute functions from the RapidMiner and extract results. The goal of the work is also to test the functionality of models and Evolution from the fake game and create documentation for users and developers.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of the system for gathering and distribution of meteorological data. This system allows reading of data from sensors and meteorological stations, sending of measured data to server and providing to another users or creating statistics and graphs. For places that are not covered by a client station are provided data from external providers of meteorological data. The objective of this thesis is to provide users an opportunity to obtain weather data in their area that are more accurate than data available elsewhere. Ease of use and multi-platform functionality are taken into account in the design and implementation phases.
In the first part of the thesis is essential information about meteorology, meteorological values and kinds of meteorological stations. The second part describes features and requirements laid on the system. The third part deals with analysis and design of the system. The fourth part attends to its implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is to design and implement a JavaFX applet for administration and
playback of music scores. The application allows a user to transcribe melodies intuitively.
The transcribed scores can be played using the MIDI interface. The program also allows
the user to save and load the transcribed scores. Thanks to the JavaFX technology, the
application is available for online transcription and can also be launched from a local drive.</td>]
[<td>The number of users of web services grows every year. Web content providers must purchase powerful hardware or use the services of third parties in response to this growth in users. Both these solutions are very expensive for web site providers.

The work deals with designing a system which uses peer-to-peer network. This peer-to-peer network allows users to participate with a small portion of their hardware and network resources in web page distribution. The load is low enough as not to interfere with normal usage, but it can partially replace the powerful hardware of the web content provider. This system is tested and compared with conventional web site transmission technologies of Internet, which uses a client-server architecture.</td>]
[<td>The Master thesis is dealing with a design and an implementation of web information system intended for a teambuilding company. An analysis of the information systems with an accent on their issues, a safety and selection of implementation environment is a part of the work. I also concentrated on using of traditional methods of software development. </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a proposition and implementation of the application in OS DOS setting for PC module CML147786CX650HR-128 designed by RTD company in a programming language C. The aim of this project was to create a real time kernel while considering the lowest cost possible. The application is designed to give response to the input of keyboard, to control available timers and to display data on monitor in hard real time mode.
One of the requierements was an implementation of the serial line interface. Due to the protocol of ©koda Electric a.s. regulators the application allows counting and feeding the measured values into online graphs.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of translator from XQuery language to XQuery Core language, verification of such translation and its accurancy. The thesis mainly describes the specific mapping of AST XQuery tree to XQuery Core tree. Translator is written in JAVA language using ANTLR grammars and is able to normalize a basic XQuery construction.</td>]
[<td>The task of this thesis is to analyse the original system of marking used at the school and then to design and implement a new system.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the creation of a virtual tour of the Müller villa in format VRML. The text is especially devoted to ways and methods of the villa modeling and subsequent optimization of the entire project so as to be usable for a virtual tour via the Internet. The work should serve as a guide for similar projects.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this work is to create a new upgraded version of website called \\</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project was to design an application, which will be able to receive transmitted data. This application will be able to work with this data in the way of its visualisation in real time and it will offer the possibility to record this data at the same time.
It will be possible to save the record into a file with a structure defined in advance. This record will be able to be opened in the application for its displaying.
It will be also possible to use some in advance implemented filters on this displayed file and this displayed data will be able to be saved on localhost. After that it will be possible to record the saved files on a further server.
</td>]
[<td>The work explores possibilities of tree pattern matching using pushdown automata. This method is convenient for repeated searches in trees that don\\\'t change. Algorithms for constructing the automata are presented, moreover, a special linear notation used by the automata, the bar notation, is presented.
Since XML documents have tree structure, they are used for presenting possible usage of pushdown automata. For this purpose a special query language, based on the XPath language, which can be used to build patterns for querying the automaton is dened.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to describe application interface of social network Facebook. This work dissects possibilities of user\\\'s interaction and ways to get user\\\'s information from the social network. The next focus is on imlementation of brain-teaser Pentomino and interconnection of Pentomino and the social network. The thesis also contains implementation\\\'s description and results of statistician elaboration of brain-teaser\\\'s resolutions and interesting\\\'s events from process of nding solution.</td>]
[<td>The aim of bachelor thesis is to design and implement application for automatic 3D recon- struction of photo from photo-sharing websites (such as Flickr). App will integrate existing components for 3D reconstruction (Bundler - the structure from motion tool, CMVS - multi- view stereo tool). Input will be search keyword or collection of already downloaded photos. App will prepare all necessary structures for 3D reconstruction. Integrated existing compo- nets will be able to configure and replace. Test solution on two collections from internet and one one given by supervisor.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the creation of navigation software for gliders. The aim is to create applications for mobile devices with respect to existing solutions and platforms used to implement them, or choose a completely new and better platform.

The first part describes the problem in detail, defines goals of this work, provides an overview of existing solutions and development platforms. Further describing the design, requirements for application functionality and for some implementation parts. The following section brings the reader closer to actual implementation and application testing during development. The final section evaluates this work and also the future work is outlined.</td>]
[<td>This thesis directly follows the analysis provided in the bachelor thesis On-line accomodation booking system for information centres and implements the component of the system designated for administration of user accounts and access rights. First part of the thesis deals with selection of suitable technologies, the second part then describes how they were used during the implementation of the application. Emphasis is put especially on clarity of the user interface and security.</td>]
[<td>Tato bakaláøská práce popisuje návrh, implementaci a testování prùvodce tvorbou harmonogramu pro systém EDUX. Prùvodce harmonogramu a jeho následné vykreslení je realizováno sadou pluginù naprogramovanými pro systém DokuWiki, na nìm¾ je systém EDUX provozován. Práce dále popisuje rozhraní podpùrných pluginù, které vznikly bìhem implementace prùvodce pro zjednodu¹ení návrhù nìkterých èástí.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this diploma thesis is extension of a subtree matching algorithm with approximate subtree matching. The approximate subtree matching has three main operations. These operations are a relabeling of a node, an inserting of a node and a removing of a node. The basis of this extension is knowledge of an approximate string matching in Stringology. The objective of this work is to implement this extension and verify it.</td>]
[<td>Standard Netflow exporters have limited resources, which leads to exporting incomplete flow records. These records can affect statistics generated upon them, especially such as connection length. The described application solves this problem by connecting incomplete flows into a complete one.

Attacks and other security incidents also occur in big networks, where more accurate structure is unknown to us. Due to high traffic detection is resource-consuming. The work describes possibilities of attack detection from information available in IP and TCP headers using Napatech monitoring card. The application is able to detect port scans and some other attacks which generate high number of connections.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to provide insight into metamodelling
in connection with the mapping between objects in the database of domain objects – Object Relational Mapping. Further in this work there will be implemented the ORM mapping transformation in a prototype implementing with help of the model driven development methodology represented QVT Operational language - imperative QVT standard forms included in an integrated development environment
of Eclipse.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work is used for resources releasing verification in programming language Java. This work can be used for releasing resource, which did not be released. This work can help find wrong or not released resources.
</td>]
[<td>The target of this work is to implement three sorting algorithms ABC sort, MSD Radix sort and Quicksort with equal keys, and a comparison based on different input data. Paper first describes the general concepts, then the exact function and properties of the resulting
algorithms and nally compare and evaluate.
</td>]
[<td>This work describes implementation of Java\\\'s grammar subset using Fika tool.
Two iterations of Java\\\'s subsets are implemented focusing on readability and modularity.
Each subset is always described by grammar, type system and implementation in Fika tool.
Second iteration extends grammar of Java\\\'s subset with additional Java functionality and documents how hard it was to implement these features using Fika tool.</td>]
[<td>In our daily life we come across/deal with various types of computers with various performance levels. Above all, we can definitely consider the processor as the most important feature the computer performance. The aim of my thesis is to implement a program which enables to test the processor performance and to evaluate it so that it is possible to compare the performances of particular types of processors.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an application for awarding student team projects and theses topics. The introduction describes the business processes associated with student projects and award of thesis topics. The following section deals with requirements of the application and it’s design. Actual implementation is done on a platform ASP.NET MVC. The result is verified by using the unit and user testing.</td>]
[<td>Ontologies have become very popular especially in the semantic web community. But their broader usage is restricted by the lack of tools for developing information systems based on ontologies. This problem may be solved by a persistence layer called JOPA, developed at the Czech Technical University, which would greatly simplify the development of ontology based applications. The goal of this thesis is to develop transactional system for this persistence layer. This transactional system will ensure data integrity, concurrent access and isolation of operations that are run over an ontology. I present a platform independent design and its Java implementation, which will be part of JOPA. At the end I describe a set of tests I developed to verify the functionality of the transactional system.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, we improve a sliding-window based object detector by a local alignment of
evaluated sub-windows. In order to achieve real-time performance on high-resolution images,
the detector needs to operate on a relatively sparse grid, which however decreases its recognition
performance. The proposed local alignment improves its recognition performance whilst
retaining the necessary speed. The proposed method is tested on a car detection problem.</td>]
[<td>The article discusses the mobile telemetry system intended for the monitoring of the current states of soldiers of the Czech army. The modular alignment of the system makes possible the effective combination of sensor arrays in such a way, as to give the unit commander the maximum amount of available information concerning the current state of his soldiers. The object of the system is to improve the commander‘s uptake of information regarding the state of his unit, to allow him better decisions, to eliminate injuries caused by exhaustion, and to improve the combat efficiency of the unit as a whole. The monitoring system can be also used during training to improve the efficiency of training. Software for the visualisation of the monitored values is an inseparable part of the system. The commander may choose from several modes of display, so that he has access to the necessary information in a simple and easy-to-reach way. Thorough testing of the system at the military base in Pøáslavice has verified the functionality of the system and its usability under field conditions. </td>]
[<td>This work presents a method for searching images based on their visual similarity and its use in forensic analyzer OFA. It will provide users with an effective tool for working with the images. This method allows reliable image search, which is independent of the file names and other detailed descriptions. To do so, application uses an external tool (with included library), which was chosen among other similar tools. Important aspects of the decision were functionality and implementation and also the compatibility with OFA. As a result, new extension to OFA comes with image search based on examples and should bring new possibilities to the field of computer forensics. It should also benefit from simple controls and relevant results.</td>]
[<td>The objective of the project JkCrud is to create generated user interface for database access. This library is written in Java and uses Swing widget toolkit. JkCrud\\\'s greatest benefits are rapid development, reduction of duplicate code and wide extensibility. The
project consists of two core applications and a variety of additional units. These units include components, elements, filters, validators and custom actions. JkCrud is developed and tested using the MySQL database, support for other databases can easily be added later.
Possibilities and use of library are demonstrated in the sample application called Music. The user interface of this common application is generated by JkCrud. Music offers administration of bands, their albums and musicians.</td>]
[<td>The goal of mine bachelor thesis is to create a graphical editor of railway station safety devices. The editor is able to capture topology of railway station safety defices and write it down to XML file. The XML structure of the file is defined by Ing. Pavel Vít in his master’s
thesis[9].
Application is written in Java language with Swing extension.</td>]
[<td>The topic of my thesis deals with design and components for creating interactive exercises. The main objective is to create a JavaFX functional components for interactive exercises, which they contain in script Programming language Java. The components are configurable and answers to the questions are evaluated automatically. All exercises allow insertion into the applet and then into a web page. The exercises are functional as well as offline.</td>]
[<td>The goal of  this work is to create a fully functional DokuWiki\\\'s plugin for support of the teams, which must be compatible with the school web system called Edux.
It contains implementation of the administrative interface for the management of teams and for adding students into the teams. It also contains information section with an overview of the teams and section which is designed to classify students according to their teams.
The team plugin  should in future become part of Edux system and should be used in practice use for school subjects in which where student teamwork is required.</td>]
[<td>XML database can be called native XML storage, based on the XML data model and designed to manage XML data, as well as a database which only supports the work with XML documents and its data model is different from the XML data model. It makes sense to deal above all with native XML databases for the efficient work with XML data model. They provide advanced options for the work with documents and improving performance in defined type of deployments. Despite still small extension of native XML databases they are a standard part of the database world, but their deployment is helpful especially for systems processing documents with irregular structure. These documents are not suitable for storage in relational or object databases. This paper aspires to define areas in which XML database are deployed and then design application that will demonstrate benefits of the XML data model. The designed application is from the most significant area of deployment of XML databases, the Content Management Systems (CMS). Name of the application is CMS for the work with theses. This system is trying to use possibilities of native XML databases.</td>]
[<td>Original TRACE system serves as a complex tool for logging, processing, filtering, storing and visualisation of acquired GPS data. This thesis introduces us the issues connected to this process, describes original system and deals with analysis, design and implementation of new system features. These modifications consist of adding social aspect, improving the user experience and adding more complex maintenance of whole system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to adapt and extend the existing basic automata editor. The editor supports several new graphical elements and some of its former deficiencies were removed. A set of standard basic algorithms for finite automata transformation were implemented, along with a support for automatic positioning of graphs of the resulting automata. There were added an interface to external dynamically loaded modules, so that any still missing algorithm can be implemented and added to extend the editor\\\'s functionality. An export of transition table to the LaTeX format is supported, as well as a simulation of finite automata with a possibility to export the steps of simulation in the VauCanSon-G format.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis was to design and implement a mobile application for Android mobile operating system which would allow to display raster maps by downloading them from the Internet or retrieving them from a local storage. 

Furthermore, the application allows to download, import, manage and find information about selected places and show them on the map.</td>]
[<td>The present work deals with the analysis, design and implementation of a system for recording archaeological finds. The introduction describes the fundamental problems solved by the system and what are its benefits for the work of the archaeological team. The following section contains an overview of existing systems and explains design of the new solution. Additional part of work gives a description of modern technologies and practices used in the development of Ajax web applications in JavaScript and PHP. The main part of the work is implementation of the system. In the appendices is the installation and user guide.</td>]
[<td>For the Caffeine programming language was necessary provide a translation into the Java source code. This work is dealing with the
translation Caffeine language structures allowing simple implementation imutable classes. This solution use object envelope based on the concept of strategy design pattern. Furthermore, it is solved optimization creating new instances of language classes Kofein.To find suitable instances for deallocation is used modified reference counting algorithm.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is to upgrade export modul of EDA (Electronic Design Automation)-system Eduard. System Eduard has got inner representation of electronic design described by structure of primitive gates or by combinational logic term or by finite state machine. This thesis extends output to VHDL programming language from descriptions of combinational logic terms and finite state machines.</td>]
[<td>This work emphasizes on a broad survey on tree-to-tree correction problem and it\\\'s utilization in approximate tree matching - finding subtrees/patterns exact or similar to a searched pattern. We list several tree distance metrics, of which the general ordered tree distance as the most common is used in the rest of this paper. Then we describe and compare several tree edit distance algorithms and approximate subtree matching algorithms. Comparison technique used is mostly theoretical.

In the second part we show how to use the dynamic programming tree edit distance algorithms to solve a bounded approximate subtree matching problem. In addition, we propose an improvement of two approximate pattern matching algorithms using different generalizations of the subtree pattern. Embedding tree edit distance algorithm would be inefficient, so our effort is focused on adjusting those algorithms (or adding another functionality to those internally) to satisfy approximate pattern matching. 

An extensible implementation of Zhang and Shasha\\\'s tree edit distance algorithm is provided in a form of Java SE library.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to create a utility, exploiting structures of the EDuArd system, that would perform a sequential logic synthesis. With consideration of means presented by the EDuArd system, it shall mean a translation from a Mealy machine into a gate level description
containing loosely defined flip-flops. Development of this utility will concentrate on establishing a structure for the synthesis algorithms and creation of a basic functional prototype. Second requirement for this utility is existence of a user interface in the form of Tcl/Tk.
This written part of the work will provide theory necessary for understanding operation of this utility. It will elaborate briefly on stages of the synthesis. It will describe relevant structures of the EDuArd system and how to create module for it. And finaly it will also
include complete documentation of the utility itself.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to analyse possible solutions and implementation of application for
contractor, company Siemens s.r.o., which allows management of company projects. At every
Project the key aspect is transparent processing and storage of the documents relevant to
each part of the project. Another function of the application is management of the material
related to a certaion project, like the shape of storages, orders, deliveries and management of
distributors. Application must offer the highest security against loss of the data and access
of unauthorized persons.</td>]
[<td>This paper introduces a platform Lombardi Teamworks designed for support the BPM (Business Process Management), describes its architecture and in graphic form on this platform demonstrates the basics of process modeling and the possibility of connecting to external systems. The thesis contains a comparison of the platform with its competitors IBM WebSphere and Java EE.</td>]
[<td>Nowadays many of technically minded people think how to connect, if possible, everything with everything else and preferably wireless. Therefore, wireless networks are frequent subject of actual interest. The problem of small portable battery-powered radio devices is limited transmitter power and finite amount of baterry capacity. Mr. Alexandru Mihnea Moucha and Mr. Viktor Cerny deal with new technology which could improve the current one and allow modules to communicate for longer time without increase a capacity of their batteries. 

My task was to implement a simulator that can determine in which situations is better to use classic transmitting method and where is more usable their newly developed method.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the definition of software requirements for the teaching of writing on computers for the blind and the actual implementation of this program. The first part is a discussion about the needs of blind people in the use of software and their typical mistakes when typing. In the second part is the implementation of the program. This program uses speech synthesis for audio output and is based on free software. The concluding is the testing of those
solutions.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis project deals with semiadaptive Huffman\\\'s algorithm for data compression and its acceleration. The work is focused on implementation of this algorithm and its acceleration using a graphics adapter technology from nVidia CUDA. Implementation is realized in programming languages C++ and CUDA C.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is commonly to get known with data preprocessing within knowledge
discovery from data. Data preprocessing process can be handled by visual form of
programming so called visual programming. Visual programming of data preprocessing is
used in data mining tools in different forms. Based on the comparison of these forms there
will be designed and implemented own form integrated to FAKE-GAME project.
Key words: Knowledge discovery, data mining, predspracovanie dát, vizuálne programovanie,
Rapid Miner, WEKA, Pentaho, FAKE-GAME</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a problem of information system for concrete company working in the field of outdoor advertisement. The main goal of the thesis is to gather requirements, analyze and design the information system. Secondary goal is to lead the team to successful implementation of the information system and also to participate in it.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this thesis is to create an application programming interface for JTAG standard test logic on 
the processor SH7760. This interface is a part of a sollution to make SH-4 family processors accessible 
and is usable for writing to connected flash memory in a way feasible for programming bootloader of 
operating system. First part covers information on the JTAG standard, description on it’s 
implemenation with SH7760 processor and my reasons for choosing C for implementing the 
interface. Second part focuses on interface elaboration, namely making of a programmer and the 
interface itself. In the last part I focus on testing of created interface. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design and implementation specific exten-sion of electronic signal box and supporting software for transport laboratory teaching. It shows benefits of modular and advanced technology (for example double dispatch) practice in software developing. It deals marginally with service and configuration tools.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis describes a project to calculate the parameters of the ballistic curve of the given input data. And displaying the calculated ballistic curve in several formats.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on network security features, namely the protection systems against network attacks, which is representative of the Intrusion detection system and Intrusion prevention system. It describes the basic features and principles of these systems, options of their deployment. Presents a specic technology solutions from Cisco Systems and OpenSource solutions. Both these variants tested in laboratory environment and provides an assessment of both solutions.</td>]
[<td>Rising possibilities in reading genomic sequences of living organisms cause accumulation of amount of biologic data, which are a subject of intensive research. There is natural need for an efficient approach in order to examine those data. This work presents a brief and simple introduction into genetics and stringology and unique comprehensive overview of efficient DNA indexing with emphasis on practical findings. Problems are examined stepwise, from naive solutions to recent scientific research. This work is intented for beginners in the field of genetics, stringology and bioinformatics. The work includes a practical and flexible software library containing selected techniques and also their experimental evaluation and comparsion.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with development of software application for PC designed to control and monitor special hardware units for measurement of count and size of particles in the air, connected by either USB or radio. And subsequent download and conversion of measured data to computer for further analysis.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to design and implement ontology-based Content Management System (CMS) that will enable users to create, edit and query annotations (projects, publications, scientific issues, etc.).
The implemented system is supposed to enable document and content annotation in the area of structural health monitoring. Using ontologies to store the data, the documents will be organized in a way that in situation of need, they can be searched efficiently.
</td>]
[<td>This work suggests two methods of attacks against intrusion detection systems (IDS) based on behaviour analysis of network traffic: 1/ modelling the detection algorithms to plant the attack below the detection thresholds and 2/ adversarial manipulation of the inner state of the detection methods in order to avoid detection of the attack. The implementation of the two methods is described and they are both tested against an existing intrusion detection system developed at CTU FEE, CAMNEP.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused to the controlling of mobile robots using personal computers. Apart of the direct steering of the devices using keyboard or joystick it focuses essentially to the possibility of the automatic controlling of the machines using neural networks. Both software and hardware implementations are discussed.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is analysis, proposal and implementation of the information system
facilitating communication of the insurance company. Realized system will be intended for
company staff as compensation of email correspondence. This thesis includes the part describing
existing solutions of this area.</td>]
[<td>Distributed smart antenna is concept, which allows direct communication between the clusters with a combination of radio signals with phase shifts of each stations in the cluster. The purpose of this theses is to creat of a simulation tool, presenting a new model of the spread signal using phase shifts. The simulator also records statistical data from two experiments describing the energy balance of the transmitter in the cluster of ad-hoc and sensor networks. This thesis builds on project simulation 802.15.4 ZigBee Network and Design anisotropic antennas and is implemented in the OMNeT++ using Mobility Framework as support for wireless devices.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with designing of a universal input/output module for use in the management, control and access systems such as heating control systems. This thesis analyzes the whole problem, selecting appropriate components, PCB design and development of a basic firmware for the device.
The aim of this work is to create hardware with basic firmware, which will be used as universal basis for applications of this type and will be easily adaptable to the specific purpose.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I’ve designed and described an implementation of my application for monitoring message flows according to the ISO8583 standard. 
I’ve put emphasis on monitoring using a method of passive network traffic capture and data processing respecting PCI/DSS
requirements.
 </td>]
[<td>This work describes Fourier-Motzkin elimination. Fourier-Motzkin elimination is a method to solve a system of linear inequalities. Main goal of this work is to analyze possibilities of parallelization the algorithm with using OpenMP API.</td>]
[<td>The master’s thesis presents an information system for team evidence and requirements management in a company. The introduction contains a survey of selected available requirements management and other tools as well as elaborated analysis. It also states the main aim of the thesis, suggests certain solutions and describes possible risks. In the second part we can find the description of implementation and solution, the database project and the summary of commonly used technologies and their features. The last chapters are dedicated to the testing and final assessment of the thesis. The appendix contains DVD, testing questionnaires and the user\\\'s manual. The whole application was created in selected developer tools Microsoft .NET Framework and Microsoft SQL Server.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with cryptographic systems serving for encrypting data. Closest look is on cryptosystem RSA and its breaking, to which serves also application implemented as a part of this work.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I am dealing with parallel rendering of thick lines in the image space. Parallel
algorithm for calculation of distance transfer functions is utilized to render the lines. The
result of this work is an algorithm, which can render various types of lines with various
types of joints and end points. Due to use of several distance metrics in the calculation of
the distance function it is possible to apply calligraphic effects on the rendered lines.
Further, it is possible to apply antialiasing and texture mapping effects on the rendered
lines.</td>]
[<td>Widely used representation of real-world objects through polygonal meshes offers simplicity at the cost of possible errors. Either when modelling the object or acquiring it through 3D scanner, such errors on polygonal mesh may occur.

Having a program that would be capable of finding and repairing the errors embedded in a solid GUI would represent a powerful tool. Therefore, a team of students at CUT in Prague - namely Petr Marek, Jan Klusák and Ondrej Kluèka - was given a task to implement such program.

Given theoretical and implementation results of team members, the goal of this diploma thesis is to create a GUI for 3D model reconstruction and repair the errors found. Based on C++ and OpenGL, the implementation should put a special emphasis on usability, user-friendliness and intuitiveness.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis focuses on creating public section of content management system for Faculty of civil engineering CTU in Prague. Thesis also contains usability of administration section and project analysis including all requirements on system and analysis of current used system.
Thesis is closely related to bachelor thesis of Jiøí Zamazal who implemented administration section of content management system and focused also on security aspects.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with a C-language implementation of a driver for RTD SDM8540HR-1 I/O module based on PC104 platform. The driver provides user functions for module conguration and runtime control of integrated peripheries. The card communicates with embedded PC via a standard PCI bus. All user functions are included in one static library called SDM8540.lib and names of all functions start with the SDM8540_ prefix because of better transparency of the user programmed source code. The driver is designed to be used in a real-time system.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes a problem of financial time-series prediction and pre-processing strategies including creation of suitable features. The text focuses and on a kernel methods of a support vector regression class. Before an application on a financial time-series prediction, the text elaborates on algorithm optimizations for training and testing methods of kernel ridge regression and least squares support vector regression, in which the original algorithms were accelerated many-fold. An experimental part of the thesis tests suitability of proposed strategies on real data of futures contracts. In these datasets a market inefficiencies were identified on daily price differences.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to select a suitable toolkit for developing ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Application) applications. The main aim is to test the level of accessibility of applications developed using the toolkit for the selected target group of visual impaired people using screen reader and analyze the founded deficiencies, propose and implement changes to the selected toolkit.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is primarily formed as a documentation for developers of
AMiT, spol. s r.o. company who are beginners in development of applications
designed for ARM Sitara procesors. It also describes options of real-time
extension in Linux operating systems and suggests ways of its booting time
reduction. Another part of this thesis is design of process synchronization API
and font rendering API.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with time synchronization using IEEE 1588, which is primarily used for synchronization of control and measuring systems over packet networks. At first we are introduced to the basics of synchronization. In another part of this thesis, there are described synchronization protocols and we verify the functionality of the Precision Time Protocol by a practical measurement</td>]
[<td>Master thesis describes a physical simulation of burning solids in computer graphics and its implementation. It is focused especially on simulation of material decomposition, heat distribution and object disintegration.
Thesis describes some existing methods used for simulation of this phenomenon and on base of it is proposed an application, which implements these procedures. Namely they are heat distribution in rigid body and its nearby, pyrolysis, material decomposition and object disintegration with motion simulation under gravity.
Heat distribution in environment is modeled as fluid dynamics simulation, which ensure flow of air around the object. To model the decomposition is object represented as a signed distance field, which is changing by pyrolysis during the simulation process. For object disintegration and its collapse is used PhysX and for movement of the object in fluid dynamics simulation environment is used method of overlapping grids.
Implementation of some parts of methods is computed on graphics processor with CUDA to speed up the application.</td>]
[<td>The point of this diploma thesis is algorithm for finding approximative repeats in trees. As a pattern is used an exact repeats finding algorithm. The practical application comparing output differences between the approximative and the exact algorithm is a part of the thesis. The last part of this thesis contains  the demonstration of using the application depicted on a specific example file in XML.</td>]
[<td>Topic of this bachelor Thesis is to design a grammar and type system for a subset of the SQL DDL language in MySQL database dialect. The design should be made in two forms. First one should be a formal mathematical definition and the second one should be processable by the Fika Parser Generator.

This bachelor Thesis belongs to the category of Implementation Bachelor Thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work is about Shibboleth2, Windows Sharepoint Services 3.0 (WSS 3.0) and Internet
Information Services 7 (IIS7) technologies. The objective of this work is implementation of
Shibboleth authentication on an existing server that contains sites operating on WSS technology,
creation of application to facilitate the management and implementation of Shibboleth
technology, including a description of procedures for the introduction of Shibboleth, because
even people around me are interested in this interconnection and there is nothing to build
on.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis is focused on analyses and implementation of evaluating web application based on a database of jokes. This application provides the users with the possibility, function of uploading, evaluating or sending jokes via a mobile phone. Moreover, the application offers the function enabling reading of jokes that should be in accordance with user´s interest.
Last but not least, the work concentrates on technologies that are necessary for creating of the application, especially web framework Django is mentioned.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to convert project written in simulation system OMNeT++ v3.3 to newer v4.x. The project will be also based on newest INET framework and should be enlarged by new functionality. Actually this project is an upgrade of already written project ComputerNetworkEmulator by Mr. Michek and Firewall by Mr. Kubi¹ta. These projects should be merged and enlarged.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis represents integration of document management systems (DMS) into web-based content management systems (CMS). Thesis contains analysis of possible wals of integration, design and implementation of this integration. The aim of this thesis is toprovide seamless integration of DMS into CMS , which offers advantages of both systems to the end user.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is focused on the field of representation of semantic information on the Web using languages of semantic web such as RDF, RDFS, OWL and SPARQL. The main part of this thesis is implementation of a web application, which is intended to serve as a system for making experiments by those, who are making their first steps in the field of semantic web.
The application is implemented using common web technologies, it is tested in all currently  popular browsers and by the time of writing this thesis, its instance is available at URL  http://sem.v0174.net.
The implemented application offers to user an introduction into the aforementioned languages in an interactive way, when instead of a static text and examples, the user could actively experiment with test ontologies, or create his/her own one.
Description of the languages including basic and some of the advanced frameworks used in the area of semantic web is also part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes the design and implementation of an information system for managing international student identiﬁcation cards, the ISIC, which replaces the existing solution managed by the International Association Services. The goal is to analyze the shortcomings of the current database and create a new system that eliminates the causes of the identiﬁed problems while maintaining maximum backwards compatibility of the public interfaces used by card issuers in many countries of the world. The work also includes the implementation of previously non-existent administration user interface in the form of a web application and implementation of a tool for migrating data from the old database.</td>]
[<td>Contemporary offer of network emulators for peer-to-peer applications does not provide a variety of choices. Available tools do not supply a satisfactory environment or are not easily accessible (e.g. PlanetLab) and deployable on own LAN for middle-scale projects. This work fills this gap and focuses on a general emulation framework for testing of peer-to-peer applications that would be highly usable, configurable and extensible. The practical application is demonstrated on a set of evaluations of Cooperative Web Cache (CWC) project proving the framework meets predefined goals. The CWC evaluation points out CWC’s
demerits and contribution and presents recommendations for future improvements.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the further development of JSF Wiki Library which enables its users to easily add the ability to create wiki pages to their Java EE applications. This thesis adds to the library tools which support the creation of high-quality articles, more effective management of the content of the wiki and facilitate orientation in the amount of shared information. The thesis also focuses on the security, analyses possible security risks associated with the use of the current version of the library and implements solutions which try to eliminate these risks or minimize them as much as possible.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with designing and developing an application for SEO optimization and monitoring of its results. The application monitors a wide range of aspects involved in the final ranking of the optimized site in search engines. It allows monitoring not only the current values of individual criteria, but also displaying the history of results. With this application it is possible to detect weak points of the optimization and adjust them to obtain better positions in search engines.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is to create a system for the creation of web based application user interfaces. The thesis consists of an analysis part and an implementation part. In the first part, I introduce the most important terms. Afterwards, I describe some basic ideas, the goal of the system, the complete conception, and of course concrete technologies for the implementation of the system itself. Knowledge gained from the theoretical introduction is then used to implement a real application. In the conclusion, I evaluate the fulfillment of the target and describe the benefits of the system.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this text is to acquaint the reader with a library for algebraic manipulation with regular expressions.
In the first part of this text the reader will learn the basic concepts of language theory, regular expressions and finite automata.
The second part is focused on extending operations and their form in regular expressions and finite automata.
In the third part the reader will be familiar with the application programming interface of the library and in the following part with its implementation.
The conclusion discusses the benefits and future of the this work.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and realization of a mobile robot platform for outdoor use.
The goal of this work is to develop a suspended chassis with a car-like setup, to design the
onboard electronics and propose used software. We will discuss state of the art in mobile
robotics for outdoor purposes. We will evaluate their advantages and disadvantages and
based on them we will specify our demands for the new platform. Then we will focus on the
chassis design and its mechanical properties. We will also describe the design and parameters
of onboard electronics that include onboard PC, motor control boards, steering servos and
motors. At the end of this thesis we will deal with the navigation and diagnostic software.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement internet application for monitoring keywords in searchers. Application offers management of users and watching data and offers well arranged outputs in a form of tables and graphs.</td>]
[<td>This thesis reviews the state-of-the-art of technologies for new forms of interaction through the projection screen – imaging with high dynamic range, 3D imaging, tactile feedback, taking photographs and video recordings through the screen and especially multi-touch control. Furthermore, the work describes development of a prototype device combining a multi-touch screen with the ability to take pictures through the viewing area.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with question, how to manage user requests with a web system, in which the request is dened as a common task. The rst part includes the denition of our requirements for such a system. Second part deals with comparison of existing systems of a similar nature.
Next part describes selection of the implementation environment. The last part describes the design of our new system using the UP methodology and its implementation in Java EE.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is design and implementation of a component for searching subtrees and so-called tree templates in trees and determining of positions of all occurences.
We use the fact that when the tree is a subtree of another tree then its prefix notation is a factor of the prefix notation of the tree
 in which it is a subtree. The component is written in the C++ language. The primary objective of this work is the implementation focused on space efficiency. Thus compression techniques were used.
A part of the thesis is testing of the component and an implementation of visualisation tool.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes the possibilities of automation of CASE tool Enterprise Architect. The aim is to design and implement a library and an application that allows to export documentation and source code of developed models.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an analysis of modern game engine architecture. Simple multiplatform game engine design is made based on this analysis. This design is subsequently implemented and tested together with an extern level editor. The text may serve as a~source of basic information about game engine architecture and the implemented prototype is a~base for two dimensional games with easy expandability.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with authentication of users to LAN networks using Ethernet or Wi-Fi. It discusses currently available technologies with regard to complexity, scalability, ease of deployment and last but not least price. Thesis also provides implementation of one of those approaches. This solution is further documented and analyzed from network security point of view. Thesis also comprises of evaluation of suitability of components used to build the application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to design and implement Emergency notification system in actual technologies on Java platform. Design section is precluding by comprehensive analysis section of business problem domain with recherche of knowledge from telecommunication domain, presentational layer for Internet applications and from support for external program communication. In the thesis there was basic feature set for such system defined and features from this set was added to design, this is pregnantly supplemented by UML diagrams. Implementation section is precluding by creation of user prototype, in which usability testing was  applied. In the chapter treated of implementation important sections of the system  examples of code are described afterwards. In the part of testability there was unit and integration testing for whole application showed in the whole implementation process, on each build or on each new version and there was cognitive walkthrough method showed for usability testing afterwards. In the last section there was achievements described, which the thesis has been accomplished even next requirements for future development, which has its own defined direction.
</td>]
[<td>The work describes the general features of ABC system with great emphasis on the description of several commands that are used for combinational synthesis. Theory of operation and programming solutions of selected commands in the ABC system is discussed.

Several possible methods of randomization are suggested. The proposed methods are either implemented as an extension of the existing commands with new switches, or just use the existing commands properly for randomization.

These methods are also tested on standard benchmark circuits and test results are presented in the form of tables and graphs.</td>]
[<td>This work is about designing a proper algorithm, which will be capable to classify aircraft flight, based on flight data. Flight data are distributed by avionics bus. The second part of algorithm is a independent module which will compute the necessary additional flight data. The third part of algorithm will predicate aircraft trajectory in dependence on 3D terrain data model, and in case of collision with it the algorithm will send a warning to the pilot. The testing is the most important thing of this work in touch with usage on a real aircraft.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with solving linear equations using residue arithmetic on graphical cards procesors by using OpenCL language.
Heart of this thesis is test computation speed of solving linear equations using residue arithmetic on CPU and GPU. 
First part of this thesis deals with general theory of OpenCL laguage and residue arithmetic computation. Second part deals with individual programs and measured results.</td>]
[<td>Main idea of this Bachelor\\\'s thesis is to design and create a field programmable gate array (FPGA) self-checking circuit using VHDL language. This circuit is connected to a computer and in the case of an error the circuit locates where the error has happened and sends information about the error via serial port. The connected computer analyses received message and decides, how the circuit will react.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is the design and implementation the client side of an
information system designed for administration of residential houses, which
offers web-based user interface conforming to the concept of Rich Internet
Applications (RIA). An important part of this thesis is therefore also
theoretical analysis of RIA.

There was used Google Web Toolkit technology in the process of implementation on
platform Java. The presentation layer was projected by the architectural design
pattern Model-View-Presenter.

The thesis includes the theoretical analysis of RIA, requirements analysis,
realization design, description of significant implementation parts and
usability testing of user interface.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with VHDL finite state machines description generation. The
goal is to create new brief language similar to VHDL as an input language and translate this
input code into synthesisable VHDL using new translator.
This text includes theoretical introduction into state machines, demonstration of nowadays
situation in creation VHDL description, design of the new input language, details about
translator implementation and information about its testing.
</td>]
[<td>The goals of this bachelor`s thesis are design and implementation of military
tracked vehicle ( tank in this case ) in XNA game studio / .NET C# environment. This
project will allow user to drive a tank in 3D space over a multitextured terrain created
from heightmap. It will also allow the user to fight witch opponents controlled by AI.
This application will also contain shading, display of grenade shell hits on terrain and
collision system between tank and grenade based on location and angle of the hit.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and test an evolutionary algorithm that is capable of placing rectangular shapes onto the plane that the rectangle containing all modules is as small as possible. Under this modelling, real problems are considered, such as VLSI chip floorplanning, simple task planning or civil engineering. An evolutionary algorithm is used to optimise the floorplan represented as a tree (B*-Tree).</td>]
[<td>Abstract:

	This bachelor\\\'s  work is concerned with  the simulation of cryptographic  ciphers DES,  RC4, AES, IDEA and CAMELLIA.
	The work  has a   recherche  part,  which  contains a  description  of these  algrorithms.  The  description  of the  implementation and   the  user\\\'s interface is also available. The source codes are disposable on the enclosed CD. 
	As  a result  of this work  are  programs   that  allow  step  by  step  simulation of those important parts of encryption and decryption. The key generation analyze is also possible. 
</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the design and implementation of a module for measurement of nonelectrical variables. The measured variables are temperature, relative humidity and atmospheric pressure. The module was developed in order to have small power consumption, and was able to work outdoors. Measured data are sent through the RS-485 bus to control
board, which store them on an SD card. The second module, which is developed in this paper is converter USART&lt;-&gt;RS-485 for control board.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyses Instant Messaging protocols (e.g. ICQ, XMPP). Then it involves an implementation of XMPP protocol and Webl (Java framework) to create an intelligent communication robot for users’ convenience at daily use. Lastly it suggests further applications for the communication robot and creation of a client which would be capable of advanced user’s tasks and automation.</td>]
[<td>This work describes manufacturing of a development board for experimenting with random number generators with the method of two independent oscillators. It also describes the
connection with the Linux operating system. The reader will be introduced with the basics
of Linux and the method of adding external random number generators.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes the problem of electronic correction of written schools works. Based on the each problem I designed client side of system, which allows electronic correction to user. The system tries to minimize the manipulation with original paper works. With support from the server side, this system provides easier work for users.</td>]
[<td>A possibility to compose program of multiple different programming languages is becoming of great importance nowadays. For example, programmers can reuse existing software libraries even if they are written in a different language, which brings code use one level further. Recently, a lot of effort has been spent on supporting multiple languages on both major runtime environments  Java and CLR. 

In this thesis, we will describe an implementation of libjava, a Java language implementation running on top of Smalltalk/X virtual machine. Contrary to Java or CLR, libjava is not translating Java programs into Smalltalk bytecode. Instead, the virtual machine was modied so it can run both Smalltalk and Java bytecode. We have validated our implementation on several large Java applications - JUnit testing framework, Groovy compiler, Eclipse Java Compiler and Apache Tomcat Servlet Container.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to study theoretical basics of zsync algorithm, its optimizations, HTTP/1.1 communication and make multiplatform implementation of zsync algorithm in Java programming language that will be compatible with original version.</td>]
[<td>This work is dealing with sparse matrices, their representation in memory and especially their generation. Result of this work will be appliaction generating random general and band matrices and of course this document with matrix analysis and description of application implementation.</td>]
[<td>Diploma thesis analyzes the security options middleware technologies. It implements a library designed for securing an XML-RPC communication protocol. Security is at the level of messages using XML Security. These are the standards XML Signature and XML Encryption. XKMS protocol is used for communicate with the PKIX.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is re-implementation of CellStore\\\'s XML indexes and XQuery Update Facility modules in order to accommodate them  to a new SELF-based data model. This SELF-based model was introduced into CellStore project by Jan Vrany as a part of his PhD work.  The change of the data model had already been reflected in XQuery module in final master project of Jan Kurs.  This thesis should also integrate all three modules together into one functional APl.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to create a software works like conference unit for the IP networks. Software will receive many voice streams carried over the IP network transported by multicast. From source streams than it makes one new stream like in a conference call.</td>]
[<td>This text describes construction process of one of few possible optimizations of Mila compiler witch so called inner form is created by abstract syntax tree. Where can be found all occurences of semantic equivalent subtrees. Finding all subtrees in subject tree is allowed by construction of deterministic pushdown automata, to solve this problem in good time complexity.
Appropriate repetitions of subtrees analogous to parts of optimized subject source code are replaced by instructions for calling and returning from subroutine. This optimization can create compressed and more synoptical translated code.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to implement application for time tracking under mobile
platform Google Andorid. The main emphases is given to the analysis wich is
given the largest space. The last but not least the thesis is dealing with the
ecosystem of implementation. The technologies wich don\\\'t affect the coding
directly however they make the process of coding easier and more secured. </td>]
[<td>There is an universal pattern matching model based on backward pattern matching - the Universal Backward Pattern Matching Machine. It offers a separation of a pattern matching problem definition and a matching execution itself. Whereupon this machine has two onedirectionally communicating parts - the Constructor and the Executor. The advantage of backward pattern matching is a sublinear average time complexity. It directly depends on the shift function selection.
This thesis proposes a new, more universal implementation of the Executor, a part running pattern matching. It offers an independence on selected shift function. Moreover this work offers an implementation of two shift functions - a Repeated Suffix Shift and a Antifactor Shift. The possible ways of future optimalization are outlined at the end.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis discusses the creation of the plugin for NetBeans platform, which offers modeling of sequence UML diagram. In the introduction is described the issue of sequence diagram, using NetBeans platform and framework JGraph. The main part is focused on implementation of each modules, which together form the plugin. In the end the correctness of implementation is verified by testing.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of Web-based user
interface and administration interface for virtual VoIP PBX system
based on open source platform FreeSWITCH. This system allows users with
one endpoint to simultaneously use services of multiple VoIP providers.

The web interface allows ordinary users to set up the service on their own having no required knowledge of how to configure VoIP exchanges. In this project I will only use open source resources. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design, implementation and testing of mobile waiter for Android OS and its connection to economic software ABRA using web services and SOAP. Mobile waiter includes management of bills, work in off-line mode, print of orders and other functions. Part of the solution is code optimalization with regard to specific conditions of creating software for mobile devices and protection against unauthorized application distribution. This diploma thesis also includes testing, including usability tests and tests on various mobile devices.</td>]
[<td>This master\\\'s thesis deals with the development of an adaptive multi-modal navigation and transportation application for Android OS. The application is designed to be used by regular users as well as two groups of vision impaired users. Apart from the development of the application itself, the current location and mobility detection techniques are explored. 

An energy-efficient adaptive GPS location and mobility detection algorithm is proposed and its energy consumption is evaluated. GSM fingerprinting possibilities are also explored. Two mobility detection algorithms using GSM cell tower signal strengths and the accelerometer sensors are proposed and their accuracies and battery power consumptions are evaluated in real-life conditions and environments.</td>]
[<td>When we say Naming services, we can imagine it like a database which can contain a lot of various data like hostnames, users, groups, projects, netmasks or protocols. Maybe the easiest way to understand it properly is with hostnames on the Internet where the discomfort that most people feel with remembering numeric identifiers led to the very quick adoption of a name system for devices. In the 1970s and early 1980s, names were given to machines and these names maintained in host tables. The TCP/IP host table name system worked well for a number of years with a centrally-maintained master list used by device administrators to ensure a consistent view of the network. But such a system only works well when the number of devices is small. As the Internet grew, numerous weaknesses became apparent in the host table method. The problems were structural and a completely new approach was needed for using the names on the Internet. So this can be considered to be the impulse for creating Domain Name System (DNS), which is now major system for distributing hostnames on the Internet. But naming services aren’t for hostnames only. Other naming services like LDAP, NIS or Active Directory are used mainly in companies for centralized administration of data.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to design and analyze Business Information System for small and medium enteprises and its implementation. 
Business Information System helps to register all employees of the company, their personal data and contacts. The employes record their timesheets. Based on timesheets materials for salaries are created every month. The system creates invoices and registers cashflow. The leading of the company is simplified by the systém. The system creates grafs of revenues and expenditures. The manager can simply find a development of the revenues and the expenditures. The manager can find for what the company expend the most and from what the comapny has the highest incomes.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the implementation of information system designed for hotels and other lodging facilities. The primary objective of the resulting application is a comprehensive report of the booking and other coherent matters.
The first part is concerned with a search of available products on the market. Further is the work focused on the analysis maintaining the bachelor thesis and the overview of used technologies. Following chapter is analyzing implementation and operating procedure working with the Java Enterprise Edition. The last chapters describe the process of testing the created prototype, and the final summary of the whole thesis.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals design and realization of development board based on XILINX solution.
Board is meant to be used as design tester and for studies. It contains all basic periferies that are required to create many kinds of design.</td>]
[<td>Real Estate Software is an application that supports operation of a real estate agency. This work deals with the creation of such an application by studying working processes of the company: getting requirements, requirement analysis, database design and selecting the technologies for the implementation. The work contains teste examples of the implementation.</td>]
[<td>        Goal of this thesis is to create information system for technical supervision of computers. The system will allow to collect data about computers in rooms, search according to specified search terms, filter data, move individual components of computer 
and print reports.
        The thesis is divided into four main parts. The first part contains a search similar solution, initial study and analysis. The second part deals with the system implementation. The next part is devoted to testing the applictaion and the final part includes installation and user guide.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the implementation of selected algorithms for the implementation of the generators of pseudorandom vectors (Pseudo-Random Pattern Generators - PRPGs) for built-in diagnostics (Built-In Self-Test - BIST) for selected types of circuits. On each circuit there is known number of detectable and undetectable faults.
The aim is to design and implement algorithms implementing such a test vector generators.  These vectors are used to detect all detectable faults. Input of each of such an algorithm is a whole range of parameters. By the necessary number of vectors I mean the minimum number of vectors that detect all detectable faults.
Another task is to find the settings so that a compromise is found between the number of vectors, the algorithm runtime and memory size that is needed. Still, there is a condition that that all detectable faults must be detected
Finally, the results are compared different variants of algorithms.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on parallelization of the BOOM Boolean minimizer. The content consists of a short background research on parallel programming and available platforms, parallelization of BOOM as a whole, parallelization of individual phases of minimization and tests of the final parallel program.</td>]
[<td>Thesis considers implementation of social BPM features into Webratio tool. It is all about
connecting the web applications and business processes modeling and users collaboration on
business processes improvement. There is a lack of enough scientiﬁc materials and from that
reason a user survey has been accomplished. The goal of the survey is to gather user require-
ments to systems supporting collaboration on business process improvements. The analysis has
been proceeded on the basis of the research. The analysis considers particular implementation
of social BPM features into Webratio tool. All steps were discussed with Webratio Research
and Development team. The implementation now corresponds to idea of that team. Thanks to
mutual tuition the social units are prepared to be deployed into production version ofWebratio
tool.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the Java Card application for cryptographic purposes. The
aim of this thesis is to describe the environment of Java Card applets and ways
of their APDU communication with interfaces of cryptographic services. One of
the families of standards which belong to these interfaces, the PKCS standards, is
also discussed in this thesis. Further, the thesis offers possibilities to examine the
described principles and to test the acquired knowledge by modifying the provided
applications.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is development of application for filesystem management. Application will have user interface similar to user interface in graphic operating system. Beside agenda of filesystem management application will also offer simple user management. The first part of thesis is focused on comparision of existing solutions. The second part then deals with analysis, choice of suitable frameworks for each part of application and actual implementation. The implementation part is focused on development of service layer framework and communication between klient and server.</td>]
[<td>The main target of this work is to create a language Fika support for the development environment NetBeans IDE and make tho work easier for the programmer. The support I mean: syntax highlighting, error correction, code completion and a rules graph view . In this work I also try to compare the different ways how to show syntax diagram. The result would be expansion modules allowing easy installation into the development environment.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with possibility of usage mobile phone with new mobile operating system Windows Phone 7 for controlling of PC games. Next includes brief overview of present mobile operating systems and technologies which are integrated in today\\\'s mobile phones. Creating of application for controlling of PC game is part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the topic of visualizations for data mining.
In the first part, various methods of data visualization are compared (for both numerical and nominal data), as well as visualizations of behaviour and structure of data mining models. The second part deals with the implementation of a visualization module for FAKE GAME plugin of the RapidMiner application. The most important point was to enable as universal usage of the implemented visualizations as possible, provided by various possibilities of visualization parameter setup. The visualizations should help user to evaluate models generated by the data mining process. One of the topics of the thesis are also possibilities of the automated visualization generation, which should lead to selection of the best visualization setup for the user.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this work was to create a system that can be used to step through the inner workings of a graph algorithm and visually demonstrate the purpose of each individual step in its operation as well as all the changes this step makes to the graph on which the algorithm is operating. The system should also be modular and easily extendible to allow new algorithms, visualization methods, editing tools and other components to be added later on.</td>]
[<td>This work contains simple subjective overview of actual situation in interactive web pages and applications design and possible solutions for its restrictions. 

It contains an overview of most spread JavaScript frameworks making web applications development easier.  It concentrates in detail to one of the most complex one – the DOJO Toolkit  (http://www.dojotoolkit.org/) from users and developers point of view.

The main goal and output of this work is a simple multiplatform development environment combining advantages of desktop and web applications together for creating projects based on DOJO Toolkit framework – DojoDesigner.
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the development of Google Reader application for mobile phones with Android operating system from the company Google. The reader supports star and label synchronisation, article sharing and feeds addition.
The second part of this thesis deals with the design and implementation of a server based application, which browses through user\\\'s Atom/RSS feeds and extracts individual articles according to a previously defined set of rules. These articles are then saved into the inboxes of registered users using the IMAP protocol.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the design and implementation of a system for counting statistics CMS Ella Company Centrum Holdings that is based on the Django web framework. The system uses asynchronous processing for transfer the individual events. It stores the events in fast data storage. It provides the creation of data analyses based on data aggregation from collected data and selected plugins. It allows creation of new plugins. The result of this work is very general and very flexible system that is used for studying the behaviour of users on web site submitter.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis deals with the analysis and implementation of a web interface witch manages the computer network in the Hlávkova dormitory. The website contains useful information about the network users and their devices connected to the network. This data are required to setup and maintain the computer network. This thesis intends to ease and improve the management of these data. The implementation is based out the ExtJS Framework, which is base on JavaScript and PHP. Furthermore, MySQL was chosen as the underlying database engine. The final application is called RUPS, which stands for „computer network users register“ in Czech.</td>]
[<td>The theoretical part of this bachelor\\\'s thesis analyzes and evaluates application programming interface of Microsoft Exchange server and the practical part is aimed at implementation of~web service for Microsoft Exchange server and ligthweigth user interface for this web service. This bachelor\\\'s thesis has two main parts. The first part is aimed at anlyzing~and~evaluating Microsoft Exchange server\\\'s application programming interface. In this part I also desing a web service which uses previously mentioned API to connect and manage items stored at Microsoft Exchange server. In the second, I describe implementation of above mentioned web service. Furthermore, I decsribe implementation of lightweigth web user interface which uses the web service for connecting to MS Exchange server. I offer some possible extensions of this web service and of it\\\'s user interface at the end of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis the problems of analysis and definitions of the processes related to hardware
configurations management are being solved, as well as design and realization of the user
interface, which is used to manage the configuration database.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the developement of the fast ethernet core (Medium Access Control layer), which operates at 10, 100 and 1000 Mbps. The core is written in the VHDL language and the main goal is low latency, space requirements and symplicity. Further usage of this score is in school projects instead of using commercial one (e. g. TEMAC). Because of previous reasons, there are implemented a subset of the IEEE 802.3 standard, which provides a functionality at 10, 100 and 1000 Mbps speeds with full duplex. Work also describes way of the implementation, testing and possibilities of usage.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to describe problems of data fragmentation and how modern file systems deal with. The second part of this thesis is focused on UFS file system and deal with an implementation of a tool for defragmentation.
</td>]
[<td>Trendy v programování smìøují k vy¹¹í efektivitì psaní kódu. Za tímto úèelem jsou vytváøeny rùzné generátory kódu. Tímto zpùsobem se u¹etøí mnoho èasu pøi vytváøení projektù a hlavnì se programátor mù¾e koncentrovat na problém samotný. MDD (Model Driven Development) jde v tomto smìru je¹tì dále. Sna¾í se vyu¾ívat pro generování samotný model. Model mù¾e být pou¾it pro generování kostry øe¹ení a struktury dat, tzv. Forward Engineering. Reverzním in¾enýrstvím mù¾eme naopak získat dokumentace k hotovému projektu pro jeho sna¾¹í pochopení. Nejvíce vyu¾ívaným nástrojem souèastnosti pro vytváøení takové dokumentace je standard UML (Unified Modeling Language). UML sám o sobì je¹tì nevytváøí plnohodnotný model. Aby se tak stalo, je tøeba doplnit modely o popisy rùzných integritních omezení. Pro tento úèel obsahuje UML jazyk OCL (Object Constraint Language). V souèasné dobì neexistuje ¾ádný CASE nástroj, který by umìl spolehlivì vygenerovat tato ingritní omezení do SQL. V této návrhové práci se budu zabývat mo¾nostmi, které lze pou¾ít ke konstrukci SQL z existujícího UML doplnìného o OCL. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to further develop FatRat  - a download and upload manager for Linux - by adding segmented downloads support, enabling people to extend the software with easy-to-write extensions and by creating a modern web interface utilizing AJAX technologies. The primary benet of this work is the enrichment of the range of currently available Linux applications of a similar focus, modernization of an ongoing project and the provision of an all-in-one solution.</td>]
[<td>
Cílem práce je vytvoøit systém, který zpøíjemní u¾ivatelùm vyu¾ívání slu¾eb serveru Úschovna.cz. Systém pøiná¹í u¾ivatelùm vìt¹í schopnost spravovat svoje zásilky, kontakty, svùj profil a dobíjet si kredit, aby nebylo nutné platit ka¾dou zásilku zvlá¹» pomocí SMS. Navíc budou tito registrovaní u¾ivatelé zvýhodnìni oproti neregistrovaným, jeliko¾ díky výhodnìj¹ím platebním metodám bude mo¾né poskytovat slu¾by za ni¾¹í ceny.
Pro usnadnìní administrace bylo vytvoøeno rozhraní i pro administrátory, kteøí doteï museli v¹e spravovat pøímo v databázi. Nyní mohou administrátoøi spravovat zásilky, u¾ivatele a jejich kredit, kontrolovat platby, nastavovat tarify a ceny pro jednotlivé u¾ivatelské skupiny, spravovat reklamy v emailech a nastavovat rozlo¾ení zátì¾e na servery.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis is to introduce electronic commerce systems in the Czech environment, which is exemplified by realization of the online shop based on PrestaShop solution. This means adjusting it to certain requirements and creating and testing user interface and also launching the online shop into runtime environment.

This thesis is also focused on methods of presenting the online shop and its products by specialized advertising systems and by product oriented search engines, also back links affection on search engine\\\'s result positions are mentioned. Moreover, the online shop statistics and useful web optimalization tools are attached as the last part of the bachelor thesis. The result of this bachelor thesis is fully functional and gainful online shop.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused, from the theoretical point of view, on the background required for the practical part, that is analysis of the e-bedynky project and technologies used, from the practical point of view it then focuses on extending the project functionality. The body of this thesis is divided into two main sections. Firstly, analysis of the principles and requirements of the target clients, analysis of the development state before extension and the technologies used. Secondly, implementation of the extending functionalities according to the objectives specified. Accomplished goals and eventual further extensions are discussed in the conclusion.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a system for calculating the reliability parameters of block and Markov models, which will provide a subsequent mathematical calculations using the Maple’s system.
The proposed software is called SHAMAP and it generates block and Markov reliability models in a graphical environment.
Software SHAMAP saves created models into XML format and it can also generate a input file for Maple.
SHAMAP is easily expandable SW for use in other models of reliability. The program was created in the languages of the XAML and C #. Modern technologies like WPF and LINQ were used during its development.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor labor deals with the analysis, design and subsequent implementation of the system to support the management of the tasks in the projects. 
The introductory part of the work is devoted to the issue of tasks management in software project, including the background research of the current solutions. Following is the analysis of the requirements for an appropriate system of tasks management in software project. On the basis of analysis results is designed architecture and implementation of such a system. 
The created system puts the emphasis on support for different types of task that can occur during the development of the software. Therefore the system allows create a new type of tasks, including the management of their life cycles.  The system is implemented in the form of a web application using ASP.NET MVC.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this work is to prepare the manual to ADOP simulator with its peripheries. This work simplifies the experiments with ADOP simulator and will help 
with solving possible problems to launch the simulator on users personal computer or on educational computers.
Furthermore, manual offers some cases in point of using the simulator, expected results and tuning when some error occurs.
This work brings benefit in work simplification with simulator, easier familiarization and fast solving problems.
</td>]
[<td>Demonstrational application created in this bachelor thesis is supposed to complete electronic attachment of lecture notes for the Neural networks and neurocomputers course. Application is created in Mathematica program with use of NeuralNetworks library. Every file allows to experiment with specific neural network or its parameteres. All experiments have enclosed explaining commentary. Final application was created by extension and completion of current demonstrational application.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to provide an enhancement to the new algorithmic domain arbology, which deals with formal analysis of trees, a specific type of graphs. The main goal is to formally extend existing algorithms for searching and indexing trees using non-deterministic and deterministic pushdown automata by so-called Hamming distance, i.e. to allow a variation in subject subtrees, tree patterns and templates. Along with basic theory, new theorems and principles concerning Hamming distance and their proofs are proposed. Algorithms for creating pushdown automata are presented on examples, a sample implementation is available. The work also focuses on time andmemory complexity of the extended algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The object of this thesis is to become familiarized with JavaFX technology from Oracle company which is primarily used for developing Rich Internet Application. Thesis contains analysis of this platform from programmer´s point of view, comparison with another technologies and sample presentation of JavaFX´s most innovative and most interesting components.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on implementation of git server for Microsoft Windows. The server application supports git commands push, pull and clone via HTTP. Each repository can support client authorization. The server application provides a web user interface for user account and repository management. The result of this study is an application prototype with these features.
</td>]
[<td>The objective of the thesis is to design and implement a central communication modul for application which is cooperating with project Student cruth. It describes the history and cooperation of application associated with this project.Furthermore it includes analysis and selection of the architecture and technology for implementation of communication and the project of communication scheme.Finally, this thesis describes the actual implementation of a communication module, its security and testing.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with design and implementation of hydrology models of rainfall-runoff relationships and software used by IH AS CR. The former software was implemented in FORTRAN. The source code of this implementation system was used design and implemented by reversing engineering. The new system is desktop application and its results were compared with old system.</td>]
[<td>The creation and subsequent maintenance of user interface occupies a large part of application development. Individual fragments of the user interface are dependent on model classes that show, and every intervention in the structure of the model means follow-up treatment in many places. In addition (Moreover), it is often necessary to distinguish between appearance and form for different user roles in system or other criteria.The structure of these fragments takes on content and complexity that way.

Automatic user interface fragments generation directly from the class model bring a new different way of the application development. Model changes are not propagated into dependent fragments like traditional development, there is not increasing complexity of maintenance. FormBuilder is a tool wchich automates the process of java enterprise application development and maintenance. For the price of its initial configuration it is so possible to create user interfaces faster, clearer and more efficiently.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the differences of database servers between MySQL and MSSQL, which are applied to the source program Adminer. This allows use of both database servers with the same user interface.</td>]
[<td>In this work, I tested the information system e-bedynky, which is simultaneously being developed as another bachelor thesis. Testing includes all kinds of tests, in terms of functional units and modules. It was also tested for functional requirements and, finally, through a group of testers, user interface. After testing the system was deployed for testing in a real hosting provider. The output of my work is to evaluate the user interface, to confirm the possibility of a real application deployment and the example process of how to test the project.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the concept and implementation of electronic election system which uses local voting terminals. The system provides easy and quick deployment, secure voting and post-processing results. It also allows the presentation of election results. Main emphasis are security and user-friendly enviroment.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the study of four given algorithms solving the isomorphism problem and describing their characteristics. The main goal of this thesis lies in formulizing the conclusions about computational efficiency of given algorithms. This knowledge is based on a few measures with suitable data designed with a respect to the analysis of the algorithm strengths and weaknesses. The testing environment of language C++ has been used for comparison of algorithm implementations including their modifications.</td>]
[<td>PostgreSQL is one of the most powerful open-source Database Management Systems. It supports a wide variety of native data types.
This thesis describes PostgreSQL DBMS, design and implementation of the user database supporting complex queries on nucleic acids
structure including the related data population tool and the prototype web application for demonstration and easy usage.
This database based on standard PostgreSQL allows to work with sophisticated bioinformatics data simply.</td>]
[<td>This work contains review of GPS technologies, there are described dierent approaches for manipulating with data which contain geographic coordinates and distributing these data via cellphones network for other users. There are briey described existing systems working on same ground. With these experiences is built a concept and than implementation of new system, which provides transfering of these data. In this concept is accentuated the transfer protocol.
</td>]
[<td>In this work, I tried to develop tool, which would be able to prove validity of most common messages in EDI comunication with ease and clarity. I have concentrated mainly on invoice and delivery note. I have designed and implemented tool which allows this kind of validation and is expandable by another kinds of messages at the same time.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes LU decomposition algorithms of sparse matrices and uses different store formats of them. These algorithms compare and implement. The result of this work will be a program computing LU decomposition of sparse matrices.
It compares time and memory complexity of Crout, Cholesky and Gram-Schmidt algorithm of decomposition.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the pushdown automata which represent the full indexes of trees for subtrees and tree patterns. These machines accept all complete subtrees or all tree patterns. The goal is to design algorithms which constructs these machines without intermediate step of creating their nondeterministic versions. The inspiration for both algorithms is a similar algorithm from stringology, which is used for online construction of suffix automaton. This and the two new proposed algorithms are described in the thesis and the run of new algorithms is presented on an example. Finally, the thesis presents a way of implementing these algorithms. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to develop a web service (WS) interface for FAKE GAME the report system. In the beginning, I will focus on the basic characteristic of the web services, their standards and the generic concept. In the next chapter I will describe what the FAKE GAME is and what it is for. Later you can find the implementation of web services for the report system. In the end of this document is a tutorial of how to use the web service interface for the FAKE GAME. After reading this work, the reader should be able to use the aplication using the web services and should be able to understand the basics of web services and their technology.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with advanced input method removing disadvantages of current solutions. Document is split into several categories. Firstly, describes analysis and design of problematic parts. Then, it introduces comparison of the existing solutions and shows disadvantages in problematic parts. After, describes implementation of virtual keyboard and special input method. Finally, describes user testing and presenting thoughts of future development.</td>]
[<td>This work presents result of analysis and development of XMPP library under Mozilla Application Framework and its implementation as ExtBrain Communicator extension for Mozilla Thunderbird.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to create a technological study of possibility to use cryptographic chip cards for conclusive time shifts passings at regime departments of air traffic controllers. This work includes an implementation of a prototype application to demonstrate basic functionality for time shift passings on these departments. </td>]
[<td>Cílem mé práce je vytvoøit aplikaci pro mìøení výkonu SQL pøíkazù pøi datové a platformové migraci databáze Oracle. V práci se vìnuji návrhu celého systému, hlavním úkolem je ov¹em implementace a její popis.</td>]
[<td>A dispatcher in freight transport is subject to very high requirements. One of his tasks is  calculation of prices for transports, which means creation of a competitive offer to a customer while respecting the need to generate a profit for his/her employer. Considering the amount of different aspects that have to be taken into account, it is not a trivial calculation. With the help of speed and accuracy of computing technology, these calculations can be carried out in a faster and more efficient way, thus reducing the persistent stress to which the dispatcher is exposed.
 
This work presents a possible solution to an automated price calculation for requested transportation tasks with consideration of all decisive factors.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of my work is to develop a simple application for the hockey match commentator, which will give him an easy access to various information and statistics in a very efficient way. In my work I focus on the design of the system and the database, however the main objective is the implementation and its description.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis explores the sources of physical location of IP addresses and investigate the logical topology of IP networks. A web-based application with implementation of these sources is a part of the thesis that displays the locations on maps and graphicaly shows the logical topology. In thesis is evaluated the solution and the performance. Translation of Czech abstract into English.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with two ways of factoring large integers. First, it shows basic principles and simple methods, which is presented by analysis and implementation of the Pollard rho algorithm. Next, it will lead the reader to the higher level of mathematics and more complex algorithms. There it will outline the principles of the most efficient factoring algorithm for large integers, the General Number Field Sieve. There hasn\\\'t been such detailed description written in the czech language so far and although this work doesn\\\'t aim for explaining it\\\'s whole mathematical theory, it will provide enough information for it\\\'s common understanding and implementation.</td>]
[<td>This work contains the description of the way how could be realized the simulation
and visualisation of the aurora borealis, also know as northen lights. There are used
nowadays known frameworks for the realization of our aim, the simulation and
visualisation of the aurora. Because of better understanding of all parts of these methods,
we try to explain the physical nature of the aurora and describe all elements which have
some influence on the final shape of the aurora and elements which help to control the
dynamic of the aurora.
After the decription of the physical basics of the aurora, we describe all known
simulating methods, where we explain how we can simulate these described physical parts.
The comparison of our generated pictures of the aurora with the realistic
photographas is a part of this work, too.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis summarizes the techniques of AI in computer games. It gives a theoretical basis for the decision trees, finite automata, fuzzy sets, goal-driven architecture, genetic algorithms, neural networks, artificial life, pathfinding and scripting. It describes the implementation of decision trees and goal-driven architecture using genetic algorithm in my own turn based strategy game based on the principles of expansion board game Settlers of Catan. AI is based on plugins architecture which enables a number of experiments when comparing different AIs. </td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement editor of 3D terrain for its easy manipulation. The work describes used techniques for convincing representation of virtual terrain, its generation and manipulation and possible improvements in the future. Possibilities of using .NET technology for rapid games and other realtime interactive applications development are described too.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is design and implementation of an application that supports stocktaking of computer parts. It is focused on designing the database schema as well as designing and implementing its graphical user interface and functional requirements. It uses MySQL database and is written in C\\\\# programming language with the help of the .NET framework.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis Web solution for UIProtocol development support deals with creating a platform for facilitation the development of UIProtocol Applications, their running and testing. UIProtocol is technology including language for describing user interfaces and protocol for delivery these interfaces to user. Web solution for UIProtocol development support will consist of UIPServer - environment for launching and running UIProtocol Applications, allowing the independent run of multiple UIProtocol Applications in separate spaces and UIPPortal - Web-based application that allows deploying UIProtocol Applications on UIPServer, displaying debugging information for each UIProtocol Application from UIPServer and publication of articles and files related to UIProtocol.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with clustering techniques suitable for processing a cell\\\'s impedance responses and afterwards its classification. General methods of data mining, with regard to given problems, are explained and also their intended application. An environment for performing data mining tasks is designed and a prototype of this multi-platform Java application is implemented in NetBeans Platform. Mathematical models for data input reduction are proposed, tested and implemented in the prototype. The application supports visualisations of hierarchical cluster structure and also necessary operations over a dataset. The software is intended to be used in research at the Institute of Molecular Genetics at Academy of Sciences Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>My bachelor thesis is dedicated to the topic of “Automatic bidding system for Aukro.cz” and consists of two main parts – proposal and implementation. Main goal of this document is to cover proposal part and grant theoretical background for fully functional application, which I will create in second – implementation part. The thesis aims to describe process of creating my program, principle of its functioning and used technologies. Finally it points at key moments which occurred during development of this application.
Bidding program is able to watch arbitrary amount of auctions which currently run on auction portal Aukro.cz and in last five seconds bids financial limit set by user. Next main condition is that it will be fully functional on operating system Linux. Graphical user interface is not necessary; application can be controlled through terminal.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor’s dissertation describes the most known payment systems Paypal and Pay-Sec. Contains the analysis of payment by a credit card in the Internet.Also it is devoted to a web service BankParser and includes its analysis and integration into the project e-bedynky.
The next part of the work is dealing with integration of the payment system BankParser into the project e-bedynky and simultaneously includes the graphical user interface.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to find and study appropriate method for photovoltaic power plant output prediction. To achieve this goal we need to study the basics of time series, check weather conditions depending on the performance of photovoltaic power plant, compare the output estimates with some external systems that solve a similar problem. The result from this work can help control energy system and thus improve the quality and stability. 
</td>]
[<td>The goal of the project was to create XPath query evaluator, which uses pushdown automata for tree pattern matching in trees.
For a given XPath query a searching automata is created. This automaton is used to process xml and to return occurrences/subtrees matching the XPath query pattern.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on means of a search for patterns in trees and on its use in practice. The author describes the way of searching built upon the algorithm presented by Christoph M. Homann and Michael J. O\\\'Donnel, extends it so that the algorithm could be used for a search in a tree which undergoes local changes, and presents its implementation in the programming language Java. Finally he shows the use of the algorithm on an example of optimization of an arithmetic expression in the state of its inner form.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with SWINPRO application and its integration with a supporting tool for continuous integration. It looks for and analyzes appropriate tools for this integration, considering the requirements for such a tool. It then describes the analysis and the design of problem solution of the integration with the selected tool. Furthermore, the thesis describes the implementation of a software component, which will connect the SWINPRO system and the tool.

In the future, the SWINPRO system, already advanced and widened with the support of continuous integration, will serve as a fully developed tool for the development of software projects. It will help students dealing with issues of software engineering.</td>]
[<td>The theme is the application for taxi dispatching, this mean the analysis, design, implementation, testing and deployment for real customer service.
The application is interesting in terms of implementation, by linking a number of separate issues into the one unit. Apart from its own operators and drivers of taxi service interface, is linking this seminar work deals with the telephone switchboard, for the opportunity to view the caller\\\'s phone number directly in the application interface. The work also links with the GSM module, which allows sending and receiving SMS messages. Another interesting part of this work is cooperation with the UIR database, a registry of all address locations in the Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>The primary objective of this thesis is design and implementation of an extensible tool supporting a business process modeling. The extensibility is realized by plugins encapsulating additional functionality or new modeling notations. There is brief introduction into the area of process modeling and description of commonly used tools supporting this kind of modeling at the beginning. Next part of the thesis describes general architecture of an extensible application and the actual design and resulting implementation of the tool and plugins. The close contains description of testing, brief instruction for plugin creation and a user manual.
</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this thesis is implementation of two metaheuristic algorithms and their comparison. The first algorithm is the simulated annealing (SA) and the second is the particle swarm optimization (PSO). Both algorithms aim to solve NP-complete traveling salesman problem from a category of discrete optimization and finding a minimum of Rosenbrock function from a category of continuous optimization.

After all, comparison and evaluation of results obtained by both algorithm follow. Both algorithms are included in the SEAGE project.</td>]
[<td>Study useful methods for the demonstration of car simulation in a virtual evironment.
Focus on techniques providing an approximate simulation of physical events affecting movement
of a virtual vehicle, like centrifugal force, air resistance and collisions with other environment.
Implement simulation into VRUT application and focus on settings of parameters of simulation,
so that the final impression will match driving vehicles of different kinds. Use suitable library for
scene dynamics calculation in implementation. Finally, test the application with user tests.</td>]
[<td>This work presents web-based application, which processes information from Windows Live mail services or similar SMTP accessible system. The obtained information is delivered to CMS Drupal 6.x. The application is developed as module for CMS Drupal 6.x.</td>]
[<td>This work describes independation of the BankParser module based on the Web Services technology from the OpenPhoneIS system. Document analyzes the principles of the Web Services. Based on shown shortcomings of the older version of the BankParser are presented requirements for a new version. Realization of the project is described along with the problems of existing Web Services standards. The BankParser is aplication used for easy parsing of electronic bank statements based on user needs with optional extensibility by plugins based on a reflection mechanism.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and implementation of a video motion detection using a Xilinx FPGA. After the initial analysis of current solutions and deployment, the attention is focused on design and simulation of a proper motion detection algorithm. Next comes a description of the final implementation with emphasis on interesting details. The thesis concludes with the testing of the resulting application followed by an analysis of available settings.</td>]
[<td>The task of this work is on existing robotic platform BlueCar implement new communication interface using a wireless standard WiFi. Interface to transmit all the necessary commands to move the robot, back to the PC transmits the current state of the robot. Based on the evaluation received the status of the robot controlled. Another element is the control set speed robot with PID controller. The last part is transferring the audio recording in real time.</td>]
[<td>The content of this work is evaluation of commonly used libraries for creating graphical user interface. The goal is to find problems of these libraries, that leads to developer\\\'s decision of writing their own library.
This work is also considering design and implementation of similar library, which should deal with found problems. For the implementation of graphical elements drawing is used SDL library.</td>]
[<td>This thesis directly concurs on the analysis in the bachelor\\\'s thesis Webový on-line ubytovací rezervaèní systém pro infocentra and implements the part, which completely administrates everything related to prices. The main pillars are intuitive user interface, flexibility of editations and usage of modern technologies, which allow the system to have long term support from the developers and easy extensibility.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the methods for the minimization of logic function and the tools for their visualization, specifically the Quine-McCluskey algorithm and Espresso algorithms. The Karnaugh map and Boolean n-cube are also used as visualization tools.

In the second part of this thesis the implementation of mentioned methods in the Bmin application is described. The application architecture, its implementation, the specifics of its algorithms and the management of the application are here described in detail. The thesis is concluded with a usability test.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this thesis is to nd out if is it better to create a website with using already
existing solution with necessary changes or create a website from the beginning and program
it in .NET technology.
For comparison is used an example problem. Text can be used like a manual in which
conditions is better to use an existing platform or when is it better to program system from
the beginning.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create plugin for DokuWiki system, which will be used as conference
record and noticeboard. The thesis begins with introductory study, followed by analysis,
design and implementation of the plugin. The thesis is concluded by testing of application
and evaluation of whole thesis.</td>]
[<td>Outlier detection is an integral part of data mining. Correctly detecting outliers may not only be used to clean the dataset, but can also lead to new knowledge discovery. This project investigates the area, analyzes approaches and methods for outlier detection, and as
a result, selected methods are implemented into FAKE GAME framework. Then, functionality of implemented methods is tested and discussed. Finally, several possibilities of future development are proposed</td>]
[<td>This  thesis describes development of simple application server that is designed to run modular Java applications. That is achieved by using the OSGi technology. Goal of this task is also to provide a tutorial for this technology and explore pros and cons of development software using it. OSGi is described detailed in first part of this document. Two other important parts are: implementation of this application server and information about other solutions.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to develop customer relationship management system (CRM) for magazine editors. Making the customer management easier and communication among redactors more effective is the motivation for creating the application. This suggestion led to the creating of the information system which could make the work of editors more effective.
This work contains the description of the whole development process through the analysis and design to the implementation, testing and deployment. The development process keeps standard methods of software engineering. The installation manual and the user guide are a part of this work too.</td>]
[<td>Occam’s razor in machine learning is a disputed principle, which has not yet been proved or disproved. Our bachelor thesis broadened Domingos’ formulation of “Occam’s second razor” and focused on dependencies between amount of models trained, complexity of the models and testing error. Domingos’ claim that overfitting depends on amount of models trained was experimentally verified too. We used custom software for the experiments . The experiments were performed  on 30 classification and 7 regression tasks using two partially heuristic and two random algorithms.

The experiment results showed several tendencies — according to Wilcoxon test, overfitting is indeed dependent on amount of models trained and independent on complexity of the models. Dependency of testing error and overfitting on complexity is specific to individual datasets (overall trend does not exist). Testing error is independent on amount of models trained.</td>]
[<td>The scope of employment is to design and implement desktop application in the language of JavaFX. The text aims to describe the application in terms of requirements, analysis, design and implementation. Preliminary is the statement of the current situation and the reason for implement such application.
The aforementioned objectives shaping structure of various phases in application development. The first phase deals with gathering requirements for application functionality from the user and setting out the main objectives. The second part focuses on use cases in UML. Describes the behavior of users and application. The third section focuses on database design and conceptual model. The last part describes the implementation, the choice of development environment and building code issues. 
Conclusion evaluate the achievement of the objectives and applicability of the final application.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design library for test data generation in form of object graph in Java programming language. Thesis descibes topic of creating test data, contains comparsion of existing tools for creating test data and evaluates their usability in Java programming language. Main emphaisis is on design and implementation of library, which uses reflection and given set of constraints to produce test data for complex data models, thus simplifying Java application testing.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to provide overview of documentation of Mozilla Application Framework in TiddlyWiki application interface. The first part describes the implementation of scripts that automatically compile an outline of existing documentation, the second part deals with the integration of javascript-based WYSIWYM editor WYMeditor into TiddlyWiki interface.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this bachelor thesis is to create an universal information system for sports centers. It includes analysis, design and the actual implementation of the system. The application features four levels of user access and several types of sport venues. Supported functions include reservations of the venues, communication between users and simple news system. 
This thesis can also help new students of software engineering gain experience in information system design, as well as in troubleshooting.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of interactive map application which displays transport units of urban public transport. The positions of transport units are determined by schedule or by given data from web service of transit authority. Moreover, stations and paths of transport lines are displayed, too. The application provides visualization of public transport of more than one transit authority. The application is developed in Google Maps API and Flash.</td>]
[<td>Homogeneous and heterogeneus computing systems allow us to create fast and cheap tool which is great to compute distributed applications. The correct schedule of the application is a must in order to run the application smooth. The purpose of this theses is to create a simulation tool, which allows us to create the image of a network, generate the description of the network in the way the scheduling algorithm requires and finally run the simulation of execution of the schedule. The simulation tool collects statistics of usage of computational and communication elements of the network. The tool also collects information about the time behaviour of the simulation of the schedule and possible aberations from expected run.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to design a unit for addiction and subtraction of floating point numbers according to the standard IEEE 754 and to verify the result accurancy using the VHDL language and simulation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the analysis and implementation of an information system to support distribution of independent car heaters. In this thesis, there is described a procedure in creating such systems - their advantages, disadvantages and problems associated with them. The system is implemented with the help of modern technology. Thanks to those, the system is robust, easily customizable, extensible and scalable. The appendices describe possible operations with the system via a Web interface and method for deploying applications on the server.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to deal with the train traffic control methods in the Czech Republic and designing and implementing an automatic train route system. It is also about developing a way to connect the system to the existing IS. The main focus of this thesis is to find the best algorithm when searching for the optimal traffic.</td>]
[<td>When searching for a theme of this work I focused on the practical application of its results. As an employee of department Data Systems of Risk Management, KB a.s. I\\\'m often encountered with practical tasks related to synchronization of data between miscellaneous data systems (not only by its physical location but also by its technological base).
The data communication solution between such systems is usually based on an exchange of data files. The objective of this work is to unify the form of these transfers, their centralization, synchronization and monitoring, and their implementation in form of a system service. On the other side the solution does not include definition of the data files and their processing by the generating and the receiving systems.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis addresses the problem of long-term object tracking in video sequences. The
tracked object is defined by it’s possition in the first frame, the goal is to track this object
in a video where it changes shape, gets fully or partially occluded or it leaves the scene
and comes back later. This task is crutial for many real life applications. Recently, a
solution was proposed by a novel approach for long-term tracking, called Tracking-Modeling-
Detection (TMD). This metod consists of object tracking, detecting and modeling it’s visual
appearance. These three sub-systems are connected in one functional system, which address
problem of long-term object tracking.
The goal is to implemented TMD in C++ programming language and encapsulate it’s
functionality to C++ library. Next step is to use this library to design simple demo application,
which will demonstrate TMD method. Additional task is to implement a new
tracking method based on color distribution of object to TMD tracking subsytem. Section
focused on experiments targets subsystems of TMD in purpose of improving them. Method
supporting robust object tracking based on estimation of object structure and surrounding
component connected to object of interest was proposed. Experiments are also focusing
on comparing different kind of measurement of features, which serve to object detection,
and features placement within the object. Final experiment tests \\</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with analysis and design of an information system of call centre of company servicing air-conditioning and refrigerating systems. The analysis of company needs, design and implementation of the information system is described. The application is realised as open system so it may be easily upgrade.  The company benefit is customized solution which helps to company control over all orders and make better use a company potential. 
</td>]
[<td>The target of this work is a tool for deploying and maintaining small village web presentation.
The system is designed to allow users with basic computer skills to create and operate web
portal. Application is based on common management system, which is adapted to the requirements
of the small village presentation and further extended by modules with information,
which the law about the mandatory disclosure requirements requires to be published.</td>]
[<td>This work is about railway station generator. The programme generates VHDL file by user definitions of connections between five basic blocks needed to design any safety device of the railway station. Generated file can be imported to project of hardware design with prepared blocks. These blocks are used from previous diploma thesis and remade for better automatic generation. 
We tried to create a simple editor to make a new railway station, which could be easy to use for simulation on FPGA or practical used. 
This software was made in programming language Java because of multiplatform usability. The programme is suitable to create any configuration of railway station safety device on FPGA.
</td>]
[<td>Souèasný stav techniky umo¾òuje s akceptovatelnými náklady vybavit i jednoduchá zaøízení nejen v domácnosti (od sporákù, dveøe, vytápìní, a¾ po televizi nebo poèítaè) funkcemi pro automatické a dálkové ovládání. Ka¾dé takové zaøízení potom poskytuje u¾ivatelské rozhraní pro jeho ovládání. Ve snaze standardizovat a sjednotit popis takového rozhraní s dùrazem na mo¾nost pou¾ití pro navzájem velmi odli¹ná zaøízení je vyvíjen UI Protokol. Klient UI Protokolu má za úkol zobrazovat u¾ivatelské rozhraní a pøená¹et interakci s u¾ivatelem zpìt na server (ovládané zaøízení).
U¾ivatelské rozhraní mù¾e rovnì¾ obsahovat komponenty pro audio/video vstup i výstup. Zde se pak nabízí mo¾nost zprostøedkovat videokonferenci mezi u¾ivateli daného zaøízení. Klient UI Protokolu má v této souvislosti za úkol pøehrávat multimediální toky od ostatních u¾ivatelù a v opaèném smìru zachytit a pøedat serveru svoje audio/video vstupy.
Cílem této práce je vytvoøit klientskou aplikaci pro UI Protokol s podporou základních jeho vlastností, vèetnì komponent pro zpracování multimediálních dat. Aplikace musí být navr¾ena tak, aby ji bylo mo¾né snadno roz¹íøit o nové komponenty a doplnit o nyní definované, ale v této práci neimplementované prvky. Klient je urèen pro webové prostøedí a novì vznikající platformu Microsoft Silverlight.
</td>]
[<td>The headline of my thesis is the connection between information technologies and education. It shows the modern trends of Information and Communication technologies in the view of education. E-learning is the biggest trend of the present education. I explain e-learning in theoretical part of my thesis. \\\\\\\\\\\\indent
The practical part of theasis deal with complete project and implementation of e-learning course The work of course creator in moodle.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the implementation of information system for support of department for debt collections. The system has administration section that allows creating reports, which are provided to others in form of graphs and tables to enable them to read the changes in recovery and their effectiveness. The system is meant to streamline the recovery process and assess the impact of new changes in the short term. The most important is the quick and easy user access to data that are currently needed in a readable format. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of information system for support localization into national enviroment. This system should ease developers to localize their software products based on Java platform.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis of requirements for a system for provider of web services like hosting, its design and own implementation. Result is information system for controlling the user accounts, server services and settings of provided services. The work contains both – the user control panel and the administrator control panel, including solution of access privileges based on role based system. 
The final system is supposed to be a basic utilizable version, with wide options for upgrades. Adding the solution for server part, which will automatize performing requests, it is planned in future. 
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement an information system facilitating the work of a helpdesk support team. It is recommended that the ITIL standard is studied as part of the analysis stage. Nowadays, there exist quite numerous working solutions, but these are too complex, expensive, or do not provide sufficient level of customization for specific uses.</td>]
[<td>This thesis concerns itself with discussion and implementation of transformation of existent IS focused on carsharing services which emerged from preceeding projects and which is
based on PHP programming language with usage od Drupal content management system. The main goal of this transformation is to convert the application into a system with public API and thus into a so called web service. The application is based on Python programming language with use of Django framework.

Moreover, this text discusses why it was decided to commit the transformation, it’s pros and cons, processes and solutions used to perform it. Documentation of testing and documentation of resulting system is also included. Finally it contains evaulation of current frontend issues and suggests it’s solution.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with creating the basis parts for real-time strategy. It created the game and mapedit. Maps for the game are created in mapedit. Map includes setting the terrain and set properties of units or buildings and setting of a very basic AI. They are also to set up dialogs. This map is a control script for the game.
The game supports control units by player, the extraction of raw materials, pathfinding. All graphics are only schematic to show the functionality. It is also implementing a simple AI that is fully controlled by the script (map).</td>]
[<td>The Mantichora project sets its main goal to create a modular application which can be used to simulate simple physics actions, like simulating a movement of planets in a solar system.
The purpose of this work is to design and experimentaly create visualization part  of Mantichora project, based on OpenGL graphic library.
Secondary objective is to set basics of physical simulation, which could be used in future project versions.</td>]
[<td>This paper is about postfix tree pattern matching pushdown automata problems. The basic element is non-deterministic pushdown automaton constructed in accordance with a given pattern (template). The paper is focused on construction, optimisation and determinisation of such non-deterministic pushdown automaton and its usage for detection of all pattern occurances within a given postfix tree.
The main goal of this work is to implement an application, allowing construction, optimisation and determinisation of postfix tree pattern matching automaton, in accordance with a given postfix pattern (template), and using deterministic automaton for detection of all pattern occurances within a given postfix tree.</td>]
[<td>This work generally deals with tracking the advance of unknown objects in real-time. Specifically, it\\\'s about the core of a modular system that is being developed for this purpose. The task of the core is to receive data representing a live image or video, to process it as necessary and transmit in the output together with the results of processing. It also communicates with other system modules and steering component.

There is the tracking algorithm implemented, which is responsible for finding an object and then tracking it. Furthermore, the abovementioned algorithm is able to decide about the loss of the tracked object and also possibly to re-detect it. Output is forwarded to the appropriate processing module to visualization and can also be seen in the output file for later use.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to develop a mobile application capable of displaying a map using static images. The map should enable user to view it, to search for a city or to zoom in multiple levels.
	The result is an application which contains all mentioned features and is capable of loading extra maps according to user’s requirements.
</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the design and the subsequent implementation of a kernel of the Student\\\'s crutch system that has been developed in recent years in bachelor and master theses. Student crutch system solves the problem of electronic communication between students, instructors and lecturers. The purpose of this paper is to design a new architecture of the system to detach the central part with the data storage from other plugins.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create an open-source tool for PostgreSQL database comparison, as an alternative to existing commercial applications, which are often quite expensive. In the first part we explore and compare existing solutions, analyse their functions and determine requirements for our application. In the second part we analyse the problem and design our own solution. It includes a description of the LCS (longest common subsequence) algorithm principle and its implementation in the Diff comparison tool, and also an evaluation of usage of this algorithm in the database structure comparison tool. Furthermore we introduce another approach using an object model and its benefits against the diff one. We describe the model and different methods of its creation – by analysing the database directly through a database connection and by parsing an SQL file (which is the main subject of this thesis). We describe the principle of the three parts of the file analyzer (input system,  lexical analyzer and syntactical analyzer) and the basics of  using grammars and recursive descent for parsing files, which we use in our application. Then we describe how the models are compared and how the resulting synchronization script is generated. In the last part we describe the structure of created application.
</td>]
[<td>This thessis deals with designing and development of a motion tracking system, built on a priciple of computing the distance by measuring the delay of acoustic signal. There are serval transmitters, attached to the tracked objects in the envirovement, which generates a short ultrasonic pulse in the given moment. This pulse is captured by fixed receivers with known position. All the units are synchronised, so the receivers are able to measure the time delay between generating and reception of the pulse and derive the distance from source. When this is done by three and more receivers, it is possible to compute the position of the transmitter.

After construction of the system, there were proven serval imperfections in design and component\\\'s function, so the system is not working well.  </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with physics engines in computer games,their potential and
field of use on platform Microsoft .NET.It further describes physical fundamentals
of automobiles.At the end,application of a physics engine is described on a computer game
simulating car racing.Creating of this game is part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>Following work decsribes the concept and implementation of mobile electronic voting system. System provides for making vote and evaluating vote in places where is no voting system installed. System main emphasis are easy to use and easy to install. It provides for presentation of results too. Also it can be used in education for testing purposes.
</td>]
[<td>In this work i deal with the creation of web application to support users who want to undergo a cyclic ketogenic diet. In the first part I focused on the description of the problem and the search of similar applications. The second part deals with analysis of application and implementation environment of choice. The third part describes the implementation of applications and the last, fourth part deals with testing the entire application through scenarios.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to implement modules for SWINPRO application that would allow it to cooperate with source code management tools. First type of modules allows the application to set up and communicate with remote repositories, while the second type provides capability of displaying the contents of remote repository directly within SWINPRO application web interface. The implementation part is preceeded with analysis of existing source code management tools and selection of those suitable for implementation.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is an implementation of control software for swimming pool water treatment systems. The system is divided into two connected parts. The first part is the measurment device. The purpose of this device is to work with signals from senzors and trigger the pump relays. Also, there is a water circulation and temperature regulation system to be controlled by triggering relays.

The second part is the control device. It sends commands to the measurment part according to the measured data. The control part is equipped with touch screen and can be maintained via ethernet connection.</td>]
[<td>The core of this diploma thesis is design and implementation of a special programming language based on C syntax, which is suited for the graph manipulations. Integrated development environment was created, it consists of a text editor for programmers, debugger and visualization window. The progress of the interpreted graph algorithm can be displayed using 3D graphics.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to design and implement a graphical editor for tabular and similar environments of LATEX source texts. This editor shall be able to read these tables from a file and eventually write them back in the LATEX format without corrupting the file’s structure.
It shall be able to render a table preview correctly and let the user to edit its properties and text within its cells; to achieve this, special internal structures for table and formatted text representations must be implemented. The main objective of the design of these structures is to support as many table and typeface-modifying commands as possible and to allow an
easy extension for new ones.</td>]
[<td>This work is aimed at table conversion from text to binary form and other manipulation like spliting and merging. Another piece of this work deals with fast searching in those tables. Basic idea was to make a file which will contain borders from the original table with endpoints. Those borders have constant amount of records between them. Before launching the search this whole file is saved into physical memory, so the search in this table of borders is much faster than repeatedly pick record over and over again. Particular search is applied to the block of record between two borders. Last part of this work is oriented to evaluation of designed algorithm and its possible improvements.</td>]
[<td>Despite of communication with native XML database system, that an ExDB is, through a command line client is faster and perhaps also easier, most of people require for their work a GUI solution. The ExDB database had up until now only a line client. This work deal creating a GUI client for native XML database system, which fits to the ExDB. This work contains background research similar solutions for other databases, analysis and design of the client, description of implementation and last but not least client testing. Result of this work is the GUI client useable for ExDB.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is a research on various data structures for storing sparse matrices and present algorithms for multiplication.

Selected data structures and algorithms were implemented in programming language C/C++ and their performance has been tested.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to study data mining metods used for noisy data modelling. Identify the advantages and disadvantages, and compare their success with each other through cross-validation and the results compared with a network GAME. For comparison using real consumption of buildings data and anthropological data.</td>]
[<td>The aim of my bachelor thesis is put into operation the data warehouse over the results from the aplication Anketa ÈVUT (CTU survey). We deal with the data and logic scheme of the realized data warehouse and procedures of loading  new data. The output are queries/views and applications to display them together with web pages describing these applications in detail.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes development process of program unit for getting information of occupancy from external sources within the on-line accomodation booking system. There are described all development processes from analysis through concept, implementation till testing and summing up how final application looks and works like in this thesis.
</td>]
[<td>The work represents the virtualization technology with focus on Microsoft Hyper-V. The aim of this work is to analyse possibilities of performance measures in virtualized environment and identify that of supreme importance. Particular stress is put on performance of virtualized Linux distributions in Microsoft Hyper-V environment and their Linux Integration Components for Hyper-V.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses design and creation of a Web application, which should facilitate
navigation and orientation of passengers in public transport, using a virtual travel through the route found in the timetables.
First, it specifies the requirements for the resulting system, and then discusses possible options for viewing video online. Finally, it describes the design and implementation of this application and suggests possible further improvements. Part of this work is also a user manual to set up the Web application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, design, and implementation of web
application used for recording user\\\'s workouts and its analysis. At first this thesis gathers
together the system requirements (functional and non-functional), from which are
constructed use case diagrams (showing interaction between system and user) and the
domain model. The application is then designed according to previous analysis. The
implementation is done by using Java technologies.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describe analyse of system for creating web pages, followed by their implementation. By this tool we can directly modify structure and content managed website, or create photogalleries or news.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with explanation of psychoacustic principles, methods and algorithms used in psychoacoustic compression format MPEG I - Layer III, also called MP3, of standard ISO 11172-3. The standard itself is shown in short. Experiments with coder, which was programmed within the scope of the work based on this standard in mathematical software
Matlab, are presented.</td>]
[<td>An article “When do changes induce fixes?“ by Sliwerski et all in 2005 shows how one can exploit version control systems and Bugzilla for locating fix-inducing changes – changes that need to be fixed later.
This thesis employs findings from the above mentioned article for NetBeans source code analysis. Firstly, this work shows how to migrate Mercurial version control system to a relational database. Then it describes an algorithm that is able to search for fix-inducing changes in a relational database model. At the end this thesis inspects NetBeans source code and reveals if there exist any big differences among developers and whether a certain day of a week is more fix-inducing comparing to other days of a week.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the developing trend to combine Integrated Development Environments(IDE) with Computer-Aided Software Engineering (CASE) tools into a comprehensive software development environment. It describes how to create plug-in modules for Eclipse with an implementation of several Unied Modeling Language (UML) 2.1 diagrams. This thesis includes a description of the technologies that can be used, with an examination of their
possibilities and constraints.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor Thesis details the design, implementation and testing of an application that allows users to play the card game Pr¹í (Pr¹í is a Czech variant of Mau Mau game) and its most common variations. It offers a quick look at the history of cards and card games, but it mainly focuses on the process of developing the application itself. The application enables users to play one-on-one either against a computer-controlled opponent or against another user over a network. It also offers full support for visually impaired users. The last part of this work is dedicated to testing the graphical interface and the artificial intelligence of the application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with security of IP telephony. It describes most commonly attacks attacking this service and cryptographic solutions which protect VoIP before attacks. It  compare cryptographic solutions and implement attacks show how they are important and what is insecure VoIP service vulnerable.</td>]
[<td>The aim of Data Warehousing is to bring together information from heterogeneous sources and put the information into a format that is suitable for querying and reporting. This objective necessitates a set of processes that are far more complex than just collecting data and reporting against it. 
The main goal of this thesis is to build up metadata repository for the data warehouse and provide way to automatically create processes for loading data into warehouse.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement the software that allows download, decoding and visualisation of online graphs and the list of events. The software is based on the RCP NetBeans modular architecture and thus written in Java. It uses the ©koda Electric proprietary protocol for control units. Because of extensity of the work only the basic modules are realized: Module reader, module graphs (xy2d, polar), module kernel of graph and control module.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with analyses, design and implementation of information system of internet shop with used cars. Main elements of the project are: link to the database of Czech shops with used cars, advertisement system and system of company’s presentations.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to create a testing tool for the native XML database CellStore. This tool is designed to measure some (of the most) significant parameters, like running time, number of allocated blocks, etc. Users will be able to choose, which parameters are measured and easily add others as well. This will enable to work on the improvement of the performance of the database engine and to disclose defects in the blocks of the system if needed. 

The implementation is in Smalltalk/X and for the purpose of testing existing benchmarks XMark and XOO7 were chosen. It turned out that not all questions can currently be processed by CellStore. Exported results are presented in XML format and a script that generates a simple graph of one variable in the R system is also included as one part of this work.</td>]
[<td>An efficient method of conversion of rich 3D data content from Virtual Old Prague project is searched for so that the exported data could be visualised and presented in Google Earth application. The conversion should apply the most effective ways of data presentation utilising the level of detail concept, thus maximising visual quality and speed of processing. 3D data are exported into COLLADA format and the database information storing objects locations and other related information is processed during the placement of these objects into Google Earth environment and stored as attributes of the generated KML reference file of respective models. The level of detail concept used in Virtual Old Prague was not used for exported files because of a different approach toward this tool in the destination application. The methods presented in this thesis are working good and the conversion and placement of models is automated. The resulting scenery in Google Earth enriched by 3D data from Virtual Old Prague is interesting. However, the missing depth of many models, created primarily for other purposes, is sometimes disturbing. It is to consider the quality and, especially, the nature of models - whether it is desirable to improve the existing models and export them the way described here or create brand new models within the intentioned environment with the possibility of using imagery and geometry of the existing ones.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to create a CRM system as a Web application that will serve the customer line operators in the company Cortex s.r.o.. The main requirement was that the new
system had what most intuituve interface, which will cover the whole issue of recording requirements from the customer.
In this documentation is captured analysis, realization of the entire application using preselected implementation tools and testing the resulting system.
As implementation tools for forming this aplication I used techniques, which are aplicated for forming internet aplication. They are script language PHP5, relation database PostgreSQL, hypertext
markup language XHTML, cascading style sheets CSS and script language JavaScript.</td>]
[<td>Microarrays are a widely used tool in modern biological research. They can be used for a wide spectrum of purposes, from determining the expression of individual genes to their methylation. The goal of this project was to create a tool which would enable basic analysis of genomic methylation data obtained from microarray technology. The design of this technology is unique in that it results in a large number of computational and statistical problems which are difficult to solve for a biologist untrained in these software technologies.
The tool which was created in this project, a web based application based the open source project Drupal, makes it possible to review a basic analysis of extensive genomic data and to create a visualization of this data with the ability to export to standard graphing formats for the purpose of publication. The main features of the tool are its ability to analyse raw data, check the quality of the data input and to display the final results for the measured values for individual chromosomes in an easy to understand format. Additional features are the ability to show details about individual genes when reviewing their locations on specific chromosomes and the possiblility to create a simple to understand graph showing the gene classification according to Gene Ontology groups.
</td>]
[<td>Remote procedure call is a technology used from the very beginning of computer networks. This paper describes the principles, history and current importance of this technology in the first purely theoretical part. The goal of the second part is a design and an implementation of the server module of the information system, which uses remote procedure call for client-server communication.

This information system is used for the apartment buildings management. It is also possible to browse the state of the data to any date in the past or in the future. This function does not have any competing solution. Server module is implemented using Java Enteprise Edition platform, while at the database layer, the Hibernate framework as an implementation of Java Persistence API is used.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create a multimedia web-based database of butterflies which is aimed at elderly people. The first part contains a summary of findings gathered during the tests conducted on elderly people. Based on the findings, we have set up requirements for web application which-if met-will render the application accessible to elderly people. The second part is oriented on reviews of existing butterfly databases. The last part is dedicated to a model design and an implementation of the web-based database of butterflies.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is the project Open Burza - web based application which should offer improvement opportunities to both beginning and advanced coders and developers. Those can sign on and create their own account whereunder is possible to offer programmer products and other services and even get a job in IT. On the other side stand users registred as submitters - they can put up a post for needed software products or occupation in their companies. One of the main goals of this project is the support of the open source software so it can be competitive to the commercial products.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on problems of building an intranet web-based portal on Java Enterprise Edition platform integrating
typical systems used in academic environment. The portal results from RedHat`s JBoss Portal solution. You can find here
familiarization with portal technology, introduction of JSR specifications defining portal, portlets and their mutual
communication and presentment of portal advantages compared to classical web presentation solutions. 
It describes installation and configuration of JBoss Portal in detail, e.g. authentication using LDAP server, user access
rights configuration, appearance customization and portlets adding. Further it outlines portlets development and its
specificity.

The result of this work is analysis, design and implementation of web-based portal suitable for a typical faculty of college
agenda in JBoss Portal environment. During work realization were implemented several systems used in academic environment
of Czech Technical University for purpose of practical illustration of technology possibilities. </td>]
[<td>This thesis explore incorporation of software tools into digital photography workflow. The logic behind photography workflow is revealed by construction of an abstract workflow model. This model is then used for proposition of requirements for creating an integrated software tool and a method of cooperation between tools is proposed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on design and implementation of power management system for active devices in data centers. Primary functionality of such system should mainly allow intelligent power management of such devices and their monitoring. Analysis of requirements from data center users for proposed system has been made, followed by analysis of technologies suitable for its implementation and design of system architecture. Reference functional implementation of this system, in Java programming language, on Java Enterprise Edition 6 platform, is also integral part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on rebuilding a classic RC car model to a model, that would be controlled by the PC via bluetooth technology. The content consists of an analysis and development of the software and hardware needed for the realisation. Output of this work will be the final product.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is design and implementation of object-oriented spatial information system. There are many options for working with geographic data. The main pillar of the proposal is the form of its storage. This work compares methods of storage and data definitions: using Oracle Spatial, then in the database engine based on platform SQL, XML-based techniques, in particular GML and data definitions with ObjectStore, in which this project is implemented.

ObjectStore offers a different view of the storage of geographic data into a database. We can create classes in C++ programming language and then store the objects into a database. To save the implemented city, the proposition of its structure was required - walls, roofs, dormers,... 

There was demand to display the saved spatial data. The tool OpenGL was used for it. We impose certain requirements on dispalying spatial data, such as geometric constraints - we show only part of the town or just houses with some characteristic. Due to increasing demands on performance, it is necessary to implement various optimization techniques. This could be for example, techniques of imaging with different levels of detail. This work describes  all of these querying and viewing techniques and implements them.

After creating the database and its visualization it is necessary to test the correct functionality of the application and the appropriate design of the graphical interface. It must be as user intuitive as possible. Verify of the correct design was performed using a usability test. Based on the results of this test, small changes in the original proposal for a graphical interface was made.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor`s thesis deals with the analysis of factors which influence the process of human learning. In the second part of the analysis the resuslts are used for the suggestion and implementation of a program of word repetition which is based on a mathematical model.</td>]
[<td>The work contains summary information about enterprise service bus (ESB) with comparing open-source implementations and the example focused on the transfer and queued message delivery.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with possibilities of web browser design and implementation on multi-touch device Microsoft Surface.
Two different approaches are described here. The first one treats of direct translation from HTML into XAML and then displaying as Flow Document (further referred as FD Preview or Flow Document Preview).
The second one is using Internet Explorer layout engine (further referred as Real Preview). Considering that it gave us much better visual and interaction results than the previous one, we devoted more space in the text to this approach.
Thanks to the final product of this thesis MS Surface user can fully utilize all the possibilities and very special touch interface of MS Surface while surfing the Web. The application provides an option to use both FD Preview and Real Preview mode. Nevertheless these two modes are not intended to be equal, forasmuch as the FD Preview is left in the application just for comparison.</td>]
[<td>Implementa set of Ruby programming language speciﬁcation tests for SmallRuby project. Based on results you get, indetify lacks of current SmallRuby compiler and suggest ways how to ﬁx them.</td>]
[<td>This thesis provides design of authentication interface for the SWINPRO system. After brief overview of web-based authentication methods, aims to description of the Shibboleth system architecture. Afterward describes the deployment of this authentication system more precisely. Second part of this thesis deals with realization of LDAP authentication mechanism for SWINPRO application. In the end, this thesis aims to access control capabilites of Subversion repositories.
</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is analyzing the original system computer record used in company Vojenská a lazeòská rekreaèní zaøízení, devising and implementing a new system and transfering data from the original system to the new one.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis is dedicated to the data traffic analysis of the wireless connection between student dormitory and the CTU network. It analyses the possibilities of the primary and backup connections and switching between them. Based on the results of the analysis the thesis suggests improvements to the connection, especially in the area of adaptive filtering. These improvements habe been implemented and used
to optimise the data traffic.</td>]
[<td>Thesis dealts with questions of quering semantic data and using rules in the world of sematic
web. Closely describes constructs and usage of SPARQL query language and rules creating
using SWRL rule language. Thesis oers alternatives for query and rule languages.Thesis
briey concerns basics of semantic web.
Last sections of thesis dealt with design of application that works with SPARQL query
language and uses rules for reasoning.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with design and implementation of Traction Control System for the small sports car formula CTU CarTech FS.01 developed by Czech Technical University CarTech Formula Student/SAE Team. In few sections, the thesis analyses possibilities to realize this system, design appropriate Traction Control System conception, choose suitable sensors, design hardware unit, and implement necessary software.</td>]
[<td>This graduation theses acquaints with software implementation of a telephone private branch exchange Asterisk and its programming API. It puts mind to instalation and configuration for Asterisk. The work describes possibility of using exchange Asterisk in the systems which implements simply call centre. It introduces the possibilities of using SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) in this design. The thesis creates design grafic user interface (GUI) of call-centre that implements calls through Asterisk.</td>]
[<td> The objective of this work was to clarify the Business Intelligence problems, mainly in open source projects. The work has been divided  into two parts. The main  objective  in the first part was to assess usability of open source Business Intelligence applications in the companies, its advantages and disadvantages. This first part of my work should show the right solution of open source Business Intelligence  from the perspective of business that has been decided to implement this solution. Second part compares open source solution in conjuction with selected commercial solution in practice. 
Most of the objectives of this work has been reached. The results of this work should present a guideline to the people who consider implementation of Business Intelligence. 
 
 </td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design and creation of graphical editor for visual system components TekTerminal from TECHSYS - HW a SW, a.s company. The system is based on VRML and the component is similar to the VRML prototype. As part of the analysis is description of system TekTerminal, description of the differences compared to VMRL and choice of technology, which will be used for implementation.
</td>]
[<td>It is an object of the present master thesis to propose a method for modelling natural language with the purpose of machine translation. A further object of the thesis is to design and implement an application allowing embodiment of this modelling method and translation of text in natural language based on the said method. The translation is based on applying user-defined formal rules of context-free attribute grammar for any natural language and the use of a language-independent symbolic representation of meaning (interlingua). The interlingua is implemented as an ontology. The method of modelling natural language has its theoretical foundation in the theory of valency.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with a design of artificial intelligence opponent for strategic web-based game Insect world. It\\\'s a game that encourages strategic thinking and forces players to cooperate. It is also possible to play duels where individual\\\'s skills are proved. Despite its simplicity it takes beginners a few matches before they acquire the basic tactics and learn game systems. Therefore an artificial opponent was developed within this thesis, whose main goal is teaching beginners. Algorithm design of artificial opponent is based on decision trees and influence maps. An attempt to use neural 
networks did not bring expected results. Testing with live players showed that the proposed artificial opponent still has many deficiencies, but he even managed to defeat live player. In the future there is a space for improvements in quality. An interesting perspective is use of evolutionary algorithms for development of decision trees.</td>]
[<td>My bachelor thesis is dedicated to the topic of design of laboratory exercise and experiments with PCI Express bus. It explains how PCI Express bus works and points out main differences between PCI Express and PCI bus. It contains information about laboratory exercise with PCI bus included in subject Peripheral devices. I used this information as an example for design of experiments with PCI Express bus. Pedagogical aims, designed experiments and necessary software and hardware to conduct  the experiments are described in this bachelor thesis.

The main idea of realization of laboratory exercise on the basis of mentioned materials is easier understanding of data transfer throug PCI Express bus.  

</td>]
[<td>Currently there is no open source library for combinatorial optimization, suitable for education of  basic algorithms and problems. Such problems can be Knapsack, Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) and Boolean Satisfiability Problem (SAT) and algorithms Depth First Search (DFS) and Breadth First Search (BFS), Genetic Algorithm (GA), Simulated Annealing (SA) or Tabu Search. Such a library is required for education purposes at Czech Technical University in Prague (CTU).

In this thesis, we propose framework JCOP (Java Combinatorial Optimization Platform), which allows easy implementation of own algorithms and provides effective tools for benchmarking different algorithms on a set of test problems. JCOP implements problems TSP, SAT, Knapsack and Bucket and provides basic implementations of BFS, DFS, GA and SA algorithms. Tests to prove its functionality and feasibility of implemented problem were performed. The framework was designed with regards to its future usage as a education tool at CTU.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with applications of DCA compression method (Data Compression using Antidictionaries). The topic of the first of two processed applications is searching capabilities in a compressed text without the need of its decompression. The speed of such algorithm is determined by its limitation on work with compression metadata - an antidictionary or encoding automaton. The second part of the work is engaged in an illustrative employment of DCA compression on some practical instance. The compression algorithm is implemented to a suitable HW device.</td>]
[<td>This work analyses the BPMN standard and compares some existing easy-to-get business modeling tools. The work is focused mainly at the simplicity lucidity and usability of that tools in the view of a technically non efficient user.
On the basis of the theoretic part of the work the brand new business modeling tool is being made.</td>]
[<td>Work deals with the design and implementation of alcohol tester using Microcontroller Series 8051. It consist of four main parts:
(a) problem description, specifications and aims
(b) analysis and design of solution
(c) realization of alcohol tester
(d) testing and comparison with other device
The result of this thesis is mobile device for non-invasive measurement of amount of alcohol in blood.
The final device is designed using gas sensor TGS822 which ensures the sufficient quality in comparison
with other freely available devices.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of the project was to create an application for team project management with advanced possibilities for sharing and working with files. The web based part provides team members with a quick orientation in projects and easy ways to communicate with other members. The desktop part of the application is communicating with the web application and it\\\'s main purpose is to provide a possibility to work with projects\\\' data even without internet connection.</td>]
[<td>The main task for this thesis was creating support for checking bugs in UIProtocol visual editor and their subsequent fix. Adding of controls and fixes should be done by simple creating of module where each of classes represent new controls or fixes. So everyone who will have installed NetBeans 6.9 and UIProtocol visual editor will be able to create and add new checks and fixes.



The thesis is quite successful and beneficial because when researching of different development environments I found the only one environment(IntelliJ IDEA) where is checked a visual editor so my thesis is one of few which can do that.</td>]
[<td>This graduation thesis introduces the problem of anisotropic antenna, deals with wireless signal broadcast involving a multiple antennas and their simulation in OMNeT++ simulator using Mobility Framework. It describes instalation, configuration and use of OMNeT++ and Mobility Framework in a system with anisotropic antenna collaborative beamforming. The thesis is a loose succesor to project 802.15.4 Zigbee network in Mobility Framework. It implements a model of signal broadcasting using the cooperation of an multiple anisotropic antennas.</td>]
[<td>Independent orientation and navigation inside of buildings is one of the essential aspects of
adequate life for blind people. This work is based on a project NaviTerier that is focused
on a blind people interior navigation. My task was to analyse, develop and implement a
new prototype for building description automatic generation. Created texts would be used
during the navigation. The whole project is divided to logical sections. There is an analysis
of already existing documentation and requested needs in the rst part. In the second one
there is a description of the implementation and GUI. Testing procedure in the last part
consists of three iterations. These iterations are expert evaluation of texts, user ability to
work with editor and independent navigation of a blind person in the building.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and implement an information system that supports electronic archiving and administration of high-school students’ research projects. The system allows electronic registration of the students and their projects for the contests, which are held by regional and state authorities.
The thesis covers detailed analysis of design, methodology, implementation and technologies used within the project.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with KeeLoq cipher, mainly the hardware implementation of the attack on the cipher. Requirement for the application implementation is to have ample known plaintexts and corresponding ciphertexts. In this thesis I present implementation of two possible attacks by brute force, which may be used on a system without memory, and another attack method using the Meet-in-the-middle technique, which requires memory. When comparing the results with software implementation,hardware one of meet-in-the-middle attack comes off slightly slower. The reason is that the attack needs to work with memory quite often and other logic does not take much time.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is dealing with realization of programmable boiler thermo regulator, which allows to control heating of water according to weekly temperature curve, and realization of PC program for communication with thermo regulator via serial interface. Thermo regulator is programmed in C language and implemented into microcontroller ATmega32. PC program includes graphic user interface and it is programmed in Java language. </td>]
[<td>This Bachelor\\\'s Project is about practical testing the theory of time and memory complexity of algorithms for finding the best (the shortest) path. The main point of this project is measurement complexity of algorithms on predicative quantity desing. The first part is about creating suitable software for this purpose. The second part is about measurement and estimation results. </td>]
[<td>The project consists of the analysis and implementation of a modular software system for tracking objects in real time.  Objects are selected by the GUI tools or are loaded from a file. Monitoring is carried out from the input video or online image via a connected camera. Applications output is then a text file with results of monitoring or real time visualization.

The whole system is divided into several modules mutually communicating via a standard protocol. This divide allows for easy replacement of modules and for distribution between more computers. The entire system is checked by the control module, which is viable in GUI mode and from the command line.</td>]
[<td>The requirements on modern mobile networks are very complex today and the networks with static infrastructure are not able to fulfill them effectively. First and foremost the quick reconfiguration and adaptation are demanded therefore the ad-hoc networks are utilized more often. These net¬works are more flexible but thanks to the lacking central infrastructure there emerges other complication, e.g. with a topology control of the network. The topology control is implemented because decreasing of interference. The decreasing of interference causes the improvement of communication efficiency, better utilization of communication links and decrease of the power consumption of mobile stations.
Still all existing researches deal with the topology control of networks based on ideal isotropic antennas. This paper compares the results of traditional algorithms with adapted algorithms when using anisotropic antennas. Therefore a model of the anisotropic ad-hoc networks has been proposed and then the simulation system for measurement of network parameters has been implemented. The results of traditional algorithms and adapted algorithms have been compared using this simulation system.</td>]
[<td>This work is considering with subject of Role Playing Games. It is focused on relief of communities, which are active in these games, and offer of useful tool for backing the game. There is no similar tool on the web so the realization of this idea could mean significant breakthrough. 

The short familiarization with the Role Playing Games and their position on czech internet takes place in the introduction part. Goals and methods of development are chosen here also.

The main part is considering with analysis and implementation of work. A part of implementation is a description of testing.

Final capture is dedicated to achieved results and possibly expansion of work in future.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor\\\'s project is to analyze the needs of teachers of networking subjects at FEL CTU for creating exams, to try to find a working solution and if it is not found, design and implement one. It is required that the solution supports cooperation of teachers on creating exams.</td>]
[<td>This work represents the result of many and many days and nights of thinking over the problem of realization of an advanced editor of graphs and the realization itself. This editor enables simulation of graph algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create fully featured information system for network administration which will be secure, intuitive and modular. The system will have an interface for system script calls what will provide means for technically unexperienced users to work with subset of network/server services. This document describes analysis, design and implementation of this application. The system will be designed to be as generic as needed by configuration of networks of the Student Union of the CTU. Furthermore, it will implement multilingual support and it will be released as open-source software.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with detail analysis and requirements study for a system to support project management. The thesis analyzes requirements and offers a solution at the analytical level, creates a use case model, describing system functions from the view of an user, and a analytic classes model, describing the problem domain of project management and its elements. The thesis brings a detailed summary of requirements of a system, creating a base for design and implementation of the system. Finally, the thesis creates a user guide for a system based on the given analysis model.

In the first chapter the thesis deals with introduction to the topic and outlining the solution. The second chapter brings detailed analysis of requirements with the structured summary attached in D. The third chapter deals with the use case model and the fourth chapter deals with the domain model of the system. The fifth chapter deals with user guides for the system based on the given analysis model. Finally, the sixth chapter outlines other possible improvements of the system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the problematic of generating forms for accreditation of subjects. Another purpose of this thesis is to design an appropriate database and fill it with data. The data were taken from wikipedia which was primarily created for this purpose but was inconvenient. This was the reason to sort out the data in appropriate format and use this format for accreditation of new subjects and curriculums.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this study is to find the way, how to analyze database server in order to determine whether the server\\\'s performace is sufficient to workload generated by applications. The study is related only to database servers with IBM PC architecture and operating system Microsoft Windows Server and database system Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and later. The goal is to find proved methodology of measure server\\\'s performance, which help determine whether the server satisfies the performance application\\\'s requirements and identifies bottle in hardware configuration of the server. Based on this methology the study decribes design an application, which will measure and analyze performance automatically.

Analysis will be supported by data measured on the real server workload. The primary objective of the analysis is practical usage in troubleshooting long time application response on which database server performance can have negative impact.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is to bring protocol libpurple from Instantbird to mail client Mozilla
Thunderbird 3 and demostrate the functionality that Instantbird oers.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor\\\'s thesis discusses the possibility of using Ethernet cards on AMC module Telum NPA-5854 for testing of throughput and stability of a computer network. We present analysis of methods how to perform such measurements. This thesis then determines if this module is suitable for this purpose or not based on our findings.</td>]
[<td>Finite state automata are mainly used in searching for patterns in texts/sequences of characters. Before we can use an automaton, we have to design it. The finite automata emulator, which is the result of this project, makes this designing part easier. This emulator can also be used in higher education to teach finite state automaton theory.
The emulator is able to work with both Deterministic (DFA) and Nondeterministic (NFA) finite state automata, go through them step by step and convert NFA to DFA. This program can either be embedded into a web page as a Java Applet, or be run independently using the Java Web Start technology.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the design and implementation of system for business processes support. When finished, the application developed will be released for free use. It will provide brand new system for my employer, but it would become an alternative for start-up companies too. During the development I aimed to keep the code well arranged, based on modularity and existing frameworks. All used components are free of charge (usually provided under GPL) and do not require additional costs.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of a new corpus whose purpose is to evaluate the lossless compression algorithms. We also propose a design of a methodology to maintain its timeliness. The methodology is conceived as a list of steps which are necessary to update a corpus. The efficiency and validity of the corpus, called the Prague Corpus, is verified by thorough experiments using the various compression techniques. This includes the representatives of the statistical and dictionary based methods which were implemented and consequently adapted for the universal library of compression algorithms called ExCom. The second part of the thesis deals with an efficient implementation of all methods which has been researched and described in detail.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is a description of an analysis, design and implementation of a web application providing an access to data of distributed scheduling systems. The application is modular so it provides an easy integration of next modules, which should easily become a part of the whole system and are able to work with data of scheduling algorithms. The thesis also deals with two implemented modules, beyond the description of a realization of modular system. The first one concentrates on the presentation of input and output data of scheduling algorithms and the second module controls the administration of trustee rights of users to concrete functions of the system.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this work is design and realization of interactive students lists. The informative system, developed primarily for teachers, offers an actual overview of students’ attendance on individual lessons, status of fulfillment of required projects as well as their evaluation and overview of credits, gained during the studies course. 
The system also allows to follow evidence of two kinds of exercises – tests, written on the individual school subject lessons and homewo</td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is to develop an application for monitoring of positions of vending
machines on the map. The output of this thesis is an application, which displays positions
of vending machines on the map based on their addresses loaded from a database. The
development will continue beyond this thesis. There is a detailed documentation for other
programmers as a part of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>This project concentrates on creating a tool that would enable, by means of an appropriate graphic form, to display objects and various data structures made use of when developing programs in the JAVA programming language. 

It aims at establishing the most often used structures, and visualizing them in a simplified form, and drawing all the other classes in a style which is used for their implementation within the given language. With the help of Java Reflection, giving us an interface for taking down the information about the objects runtime, is as a feedback created an inner form of the original object which is consequently drawn. To draw it though, it was necessary to take advantage of the knowledge of the theory of graphs, and thus design an algorithm which can draw general graphs of reasonable sizes. As it still poses an NP problem to draw such graphs, it was essential to implement such tools in the program that will facilitate work with more complex visual images to the user. This is mainly about joint shifting of various hierarchic groups of nodes.

This way we have managed to come to a complex solution that will make the work of software advance designers easier when debugging programs themselves. At the same time, we have created a teaching aid, which is able to demonstrate the specific features of JAVA language.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis inquires into desing and implementation of virtual network simulator composed of cisco-based routers for subject Y36PSI Poèítaèové sítì. Simulator allows configuration of routers via Cisco IOS command line. Simulator implements commands for configuring interfaces, static routing, dynamic and static network address translation. This system also offers verification of current configuration via ping and traceroute commands. Entire network settings are loaded from a configuration file and there is also possibility to save current configuration to a given file. User testing is integral part of a thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work describe creation of a system for creating texts with obligatory single user or user group defined structer. It allows to insert a text into templates and exporting them into composing system TEX. System facilitates way of making documents with defined format of text and face of document. I focused on the effectiveness of template system and possibility to collect fractional articles into documents for consecutive transforming into printable format.</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to build up a playout system for digital TV content creators and designers who need easy configurable and modular solution with low purchase price. The analytic part describes the fundamental data structure of digital TV called Transport Stream. The concrete playout system solution is designed in the next part. This playout system can contain TV programs extended by interactive MHP applications. To make the broadcasting easy and effective new application that covers whole broadcasting process is designed and developed here. The usage and testing procedure of playout system is also described here.</td>]
[<td>This document describes design and implementation of application Family Tree, designed to be used in interactive television environment. The application is designed to be used mostly by seniors, so the most important requirement is usability and simple and well organized user interface. The application can load and display a family tree and show galleries for each member of family.</td>]
[<td>This  work  deals  with  designing  of  application  for  automatic  generation  of  text  route description for exterior navigation of visually impaired people. At the beginning the optimal data source is searched. Found data source is analyzed in more details and extended. Finally is described prototype implementation and its testing. </td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the analysis and implementation of HotSpot service with the possibility of payments via SMS at a decentralized WiFi network built on a Mikrotik platform. Further, it provides a summary of other payment options for this service and describes the characteristics of existing systems for HotSpot service for centralized networks. The thesis deals with the deployment of the service to the Internet Service Provider\\\'s network called AG-Net, but provides sufficient information to allow the deployment of the service to any network built on the same platform.
It begins with a verbal description of the problem and initial state of the network. After that follows its elaboration in the form of verbal definition of system requirements. Next parts are gradually dealing with each of service components, which are the WiFi network, Mikrotik platform, RADIUS - User Dialup Service for Remote Authentication and instant payment methods. Finally, it describes the deployment of the service to the AG-Net network.</td>]
[<td>The content of my work is to design and implement a computer program that is constantly running on the server, and keep the incoming payment to the specified bank account. On the basis provides the database with which other programs are working. Part of this work is also a web interface that lets you search and partly (with respect to the conservation security) payment adjustment. My thesis describes the analysis, design and implementation of the functional application. The program is fully configurable via parameters and can be controlled via Telnet.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with developing а user application for controlling thermostat temperature for long term use. Its regulation unit is industrial regulator TLK43. The application allows editing regulator parameters and automatic temperature regulation and measurement. It also will allow for the creation of a temperature profile inside the thermostat in time.
</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this work is to provide new insights into tree algorithms in the context of Arbology,
a new algorithmic field focusing on formal analysis of trees [10]. This thesis describes new
algorithms for finding exact and approximate (Relabel operation considered only[3]) repeats of
trees, alternative to those from [15]. We describe a tree compression algorithm that respects
the tree’s inner structure in the compressed output. We propose algorithms for tree pattern (including
tree template) matching. All the algorithms proposed here rely on a finite deterministic
automaton, that has been named Tree Compression Automaton. It can be constructed in either
O(n × log2n) time and O(n) space or in O(n) time and O(n2) space. The derived algorithms
have often the same computational complexity.</td>]
[<td>     This thesis studies the occurrence of electromagnetic side channels of contactless smart cards and implements a system for analysis of radio frequency emissions of smart cards.
     The system invokes an execution of the RSA operation by an electronic passport or a Java Card. During this operation the system acquires information about the electromagnetic field around the smart card and stores this information for future analysis in the form of a data file. Subsequent analysis is however not a part of this work.
     This work builds upon a semestral work in Applied cryptography and the project Study of electronic passports security.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with a 3D visualization of vegetative systems from 2D concepts and by means of databases of 3D models of vegetation. It describes the issue of conversion of 2D design into a 3D scenery, the way of storing data in a 2D design and possibility of their loading and sequential rendering in a 3D scenery. Consequently, there are outlined ideas and procedures of an implementation of the program, which loads 2D design and renders a 3D scenery from it, including examples of results achieved by the application. The last part contains a outline of a possible further extension of the application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to use Real Time Message Protocol for Internet telephony. This protocol cannot be used with standard technologies for servicing Internet calls. Therefore it is necessary to use other technologies to convert particular protocols. The thesis describes those technologies and designs solutions.

This work describes solution in the form of standalone server, which mediates the transfer of sound. It is written in C++ programming language to ensure high speed of the final code. For its operations it requires Unix environment, because it is linked to the framework of this system. The server has been integrated into the conference call system. This system, on top of other services, allows serving phone calls from a web environment via Real Time Message Protocol.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with detection of network attacks with help of Netflow analyse. Netflow is a protocol which is making aggregate information about packet transfers. With these information we are able to monitoring of network traffic and to catch anomalies which are going with atacks. It parses all kinds of attacks, technologies wich are working on flow principle and suggests a way, how to discover attacks. This suggest is implemented in the application Doschecker. </td>]
[<td>Realize RPG graphical game build on Adobe Flash technology designed for internet browsers. Steps in creation describe with software development metodoligy</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis inquires into design, implementation and testing of computer network simulator based on computers with
Linux OS. Simulator is intended to be used in subject Y36PSI, Computer networks, on FEE CTU in Prague. The application allows
building virtual computer network consisted of computers with OS Linux, configuring the network with common linux commands, saving
current configuration to a given file and loading back.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with a package of XNA code libraries, which are primarily intended for development of computer games. It should give a general overview of practices in the development of computer games in this environment. Individual issues are also demonstrated with parts of the code, if the author considers it crucial knowledge. The thesis is divided into logical units. It deals with ways of drawing 2D and 3D graphics using our own data, collisions between objects, animations, checking user input and reaction on it. Next part of this work are six developed tutorials - basic applications that describe individual parts of the problem.
Further work contains programmed computer game New Horizon (strategy) created with XNA, where is applied theoretical knowledge from this work.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis is concerned with the IBM DB2 technology and the functionality and effectivity of the SSL protocol over this platform. DB2 technology exists in the area of relational databases for many years now. Unfortunatelly, due to the insufficient marketing strategy and support it got lost among hundreds of other resolutions, at least for the non-corporate customers. Despite the fact that it equals or even surpasses its major competitors of e.g. Oracle and Microsoft. For this reason, I have included a theoretic part, which describes features and parameters of DB2. Practical part describes the con-
figuration of the database and verification of the functionality and effectivity of the SSL protocol based on client-server architecture. This thesis can be used for familiarization with this technology and for comparison of efficiency of the SSL communications, which
was not done yet.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is aimed on describing features of database engine MySQL and on implementing simple thick client, usefull for beginers during their starting work with this database system.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to develop a TCL/Tk interface to an interactive logic curcuits synthesis tool ABC. TCL is a syntactically simple but powerful programming language. Tk is a graphic user interface library based on TCL. After implementation it will be possible to call ABC commands from TCL scripts. First part of the work is an analysis of communication possibilities of TCL and ABC, second is the implementation itself.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor project is focused on design and implementation of module for web system Gallery 2, which shows photos on a map. Map is created using Google Maps API. The module will also enable specifying routes which the photos came from. The module will take positions of photos from EXIF information presented inside the photos. Result of the work is module, which can be directly plugged into existing Gallery 2 installation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to describe the main design features and implementation of module for importing data from various types of relational SQL databases to FAKE GAME project. It contains a discussion about selecting the necessary framework, deals with the differences and common characteristics of the selected database machines and seeks a solution to the problem. The result of this work is extendable functional module that enriches the current set of preprocessing functions.</td>]
[<td>At present, different operating systems (Windows Mobile, Android, etc.) and communication formats derived from standard web technologies (e.g. XML, SQL, etc.) have started to be used more frequently on mobile devices. The initial idea of the Thesis 
consisted of using the desktop PROfessional Metrics-Experience-Manager (PEM) application and Google Android operating system technologies to develop an application suitable for mobile devices. The result of the work is a new application PEMDroid based 
on PEM, which has been developed as a web server application at the Free University of Bolzano - Bozen, Italy. The PEMDroid application provides most of the functions available in PEM but on the mobile devices with Android OS. In addition, the work introduces the 
data synchronization between web and mobile versions of the application. Furthermore, the Thesis presents the results of the usability testing made for PEMDroid as well as 
communication and performance analyses.  </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with algorithms, which extends classical genetic algorithms on the mechanism maintaining diversity of population and thus it makes possible to find both global and local optima.
Thanks this, the genetic algorithm doesn´t get stuck in the local optimum and it is able to find all global optima, if there exist more of them.
These are algorithms like Deterministic Crowding, Probabilistic Crowding, Clearing etc.

Subsequently, the selected algorithms are implemented into the GAME system for data mining.
Then, there is experimentally evaluated their contribution during neural network modeling of this system. </td>]
[<td>The main task of this thesis is to make the management of computer networks in an elementary school in ©ternberk more efficient. It should also point out needless imperfections that may arise when creating a computer network. The thesis offers some opportunities for optimization and a comparison between the terminal solution and solutions of workstations too. Finally, it helps to prepare computers for the regular audit, which is in directive 94/46/EC of European Union.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes a program called CenterIM 5 and enhancements that were made to this program. CenterIM 5 is a console IM communicator for unix-like systems written in C++ programming language. Implementation is split into two parts -- CppConsUI library (TUI toolkit) and a program itself. The work extends original code that was created by Mark Pustjens in years 2007--2009.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is focused on design and implementation of development environment for simple
2D computer games. The aim is to develop software simplifying graphical design of the game
by means of visual editor and game logic programming by means of scripting. It is directed
at selection of the scripting tool, simple extendability by means of new objects, development
of specialized control elements, and at user interface testing.
The proposed solution was verified in the joint project with the Charles University of
Prague. Educational program for visually impaired children has been developped in the
framework of this project.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on software source quality measures by software metrics evaluation. There are discussed size-oriented metrics, complexity measures as their association with white-box testing and object-oriented metrics for design flaws detection.
Outcome from the work is software metrics evaluation system that is easy to extend by modules. Results of system\\\'s computation are compared to some of the existing software discussed in the text.</td>]
[<td>Tato práce se vìnuje návrhu systémù odolných proti poruchám a bezpeèných proti poruchám realizovaných pomocí rekonfigurovatelných hradlových polí. První èást obsahuje teoretické informace pro návrh takového systému a ovìøení jeho parametrù. V druhé èásti je rozvinut stávající systém pro zabezpeèovací zaøízení kolejového pøejezdu a ovìøeny jeho vlastnosti.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis investigates possibilities of assembly code optimizations on Intel\\\'s x86 architecture, specicaly for the cpus based on Core 2 microarchitecture. It focuses mostly on low level and cpu-specific optimizations removing unnecessary inefficiencies caused by
cpu\\\'s inner processes when interpreting the instruction stream. The
rst part of the thesis focuses on the problem of assembly code analy-
sis, specically how to statically evaluate the perfomance of the given
code and how to identify possible bottlenecks. Second part attempts
to apply some transformations to the code to remove some of the
bottlenecks. It also incorporates patern matching transformations for
several specic transformattion applicable in common situations.</td>]
[<td>This work describes and implements algorithms for searching super
sequences and subsequences in degenerated strings. It is aimed at Longest
Common Subsequence (LCS), Shortest Common Supersequence (SCS),
solving these problems with finite automata and with algorithms of dynamic
programming. Rest of work presents testing, test results and comparing
algorithms of dynamic programming with finite automata.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to create an IT asset management system to inventory software and hardware inventory assets in Sprinx Systems company. The system provides creating, editing and searching hardware and software inventory items. System users are separated into different system roles and they work with the system using a web browser.
Documentation of thesis consists of preliminary study for mapping the given problem, a survey of similar products on the market, detailed analysis of the problem, the implementation and testing. Each part of the documentation is described in detail and supplemented of many pictures and diagrams for better clarity.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to study the Intel 80386 and on the basis of knowledge about it, to design and implement a program that will optimize. The output of this optimization is a code that is semantically equivalent and faster, or need a smaller number of machine cycles to run.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this D.A. thesis is the creation and implementation of transmission among network interfaces in device HE100 . I\\\'ve concentrated on acceleration of frame transmition and repair of packets according to RFC recommendation.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals design and realization of modular control system. System can work  everywhere, where we need collect data or do some regulation actions. Variability of the system is possible by dividing system to the modules. Modules enable configure system acording concrete requierements.
During the work has been developed processors board, modules of otput and input and ethernet module. As part of work has been assebled module of LCD and 
USB-UART converter.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to realize an idea of creating a game collection for visualy disabled children. The reason for creating this project is that there are only few computer programs, which would educate children by playing game. This thesis deals with one part of the project -- implementation of games themself using GamLab tool and their testing. Game scenarios are created to support grafomotoric abilities, object localization abilities, fixation on object, scanning, tracking and so on. Several games were created as a result of this work: Recognize an animal (searching an animal by name), What footprints do they have (connecting footprints and animals), What sounds do they make (searching an animal by sound), Where do they live (giving animals into right living places). The games were tested on a target group of three children and after that were handed over to ©kola Jaroslava Je¾ka.</td>]
[<td>Rendering is a process of generating a 2D image from a mathematical description of a 3D scene. There are many ways to approach this task, driven by demands of a particular application. From animated movies, where the visual quality is the primary goal, to interactive applications (e.g. computer games), where the time available to render one frame is not much more than a few milliseconds. 

The ray tracing algorithm has long been used for offline rendering, and the rendering times were far from interactive. But as the performance of rendering hardware increases, ray tracing becomes an option for interactive applications. 

In this thesis, I will focus on the two different areas of the use of the ray tracing algorithm. I will attempt to implement an interactive application for the synthesis of images based on the ray tracing algorithm, with the option to render a particular view in much higher visual quality, though not in real-time. </td>]
[<td>A general algorithm for text detection and recognition in real-world images is presented in this paper, which due to numerous problems is a harder task than standard printed document recognition. The algorithm finds text areas in photographs taken by a standard camera or a mobile phone and ``reads\\\'\\\' content of the detected text areas, even when the text occupies just a small part of the image, when the camera is not aimed directly at the text and when lighting conditions are not perfect.

The algorithm uses many innovative pieces, such as simultaneous processing of multiple text line hypothesis, feedback loops to correct wrong decisions of previous steps, use of synthetic fonts to train the algorithm (so that there is no need for time-consuming acquisition and labeling of real-world training data) or character recognition based on line context using a typographic model.

The algorithm was tested on four datasets of real-world images, from which two datasets are public and they have been already used to evaluate performance of other existing methods for text detection and recognition. The proposed algorithm outperforms the other existing methods by reading correctly 71\\\\% respectively 60\\\\% characters in these two datasets, thus achieving the state-of-the-art results.

We conclude by showing possible applications of the proposed algorithm, such as automatic indexing of images with text into a database, automatic information retrieval for mapping applications, mobile phone application to help blind people, automatic system for drivers that warns about surrounding traffic signs or an automatic translator of foreign signs and labels. The algorithm was also successfully tested on cyrillic text.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with nding solutions for applications written in Adobe Flex framework.
The main goal is to develop a scalable component that enables users to edit text
through the WYSIWYG editor. Thesis has a theoretical-practical nature. The theoretical
part is a description of the problem, analysis and design of solution. The practical part
focuses on the implementation of the outlined solutions.
The theoretical part describes the technology on which the work is based. It also pays
attention to the conversion from HTML, which works with Flex, to the XHTML Strict 1.0.
XHTML format was chosen because at present HTML is already outdated and most web
sites use mentioned XHTML format. It also includes the conversion in the opposite way,
because of the possibility to embed a piece of code editor for editing. In this work are listed
supported tags and their alternatives in reverse format.
The motivation for this work was the lack of components that would provide users the same
features as WYSIWYG editors known from the content management systems used for web
pages. The main objective was to create a component that is not the nal product, but it
could easily be extended for additional features suitable for specic applications.</td>]
[<td>Boxes is application, which support manufacturing and supply of cardboard
covers. In these theses is describe process of cardboard boxes elaboration on
production line and usage of realized Boxes application. Document describes
also process of particular requirements solution and overall application
concept. There are consider all pro and con and reasons why each technology,
which led to successful realization of Boxes application was used.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on analysis and implementation of the system, which should help with work in some software company. The output is a functional application for easy management of projects. This application extends current system with name Bugtrack, which is focused only on bug or requirement tracking. The output software helps with work at all stages of project development - analysis, implementation, testing and support.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis is engaged in the design and implementation of scenarios, realizable by a Furby toy, which is used as a computer periphery for audio applications.
Standalone scenarios were from the beginning designed as a entertaining-informative form of communication with the toy, which is quite successfull by it\\\'s visual appearance. Thesis continues on previous works on the Furby toy. Uses the functionality of the wireless module and the DLL library, which integrates most of the Furby\\\'s functionality. An examples of the scenarios can be weather forecast, agenda and mathematical game.
Futher, the aim of thesis is extension of the Furby toy by adding acoustical input and output, realized by suitable connection of a microphone and speaker.</td>]
[<td>Gemini Front Office is a platform developed by BSC Praha, spol. s r.o. company for implementation of banking products (internet banking, PDA banking, branch automation, ...). Platform is built on Java technology.
Main target of the diploma thesis is to extend Gemini platform by component called Value Proposition Engine (VPE) component. Key functionality of the component is to generate optimal structure of banking products and services suitable for concrete client based on a predefined set of rules.
Integration of VPE offers many other complementary services, which are not directly related to sale, e.g. security sphere (fraud detection based on the evaluation of client´s behaviour) or collecting data, which can be used for GUI modification to increase user´s comfort. The diploma thesis should analyze how suitable are these complementary services as a part of VPE component.
The result of this thesis will be an analytical documentation and implementation of VPE prototype for branch automation channel.
</td>]
[<td>The present project\\\'s main intention is to design and implement both the logical and the data parts of the component for visualization of the industrial network PROFINET. When creating the design of the different parts of the component, the universality of the program was emphasized so that it could be easily modied and complemented by another functionality in the future.

The outcome of this project should be an operable program able to process input and generate objects that represent all devices on the network, independently from its graphic part. The program must be designed in a way that it will provide all needed information
about all elements on the network.</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor\\\'s Project intends to find out a solution of students\\\' navigation through CTU Faculty of Electrical Engineering problem by creating a mobile application, which would lead the students to the desired destination. The project is focused on the analysis, design, development and testing of this application. The emphasis is placed on the usability, platform compatibility and the functionality. The only thing which impedes the application deployment is a creation of map bases according to the representative sample.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is compact review about the world of graphic cards since begin until present. At the start I considered graphic cards problems generally. At first I focused in birth of graphic systems used in personal computers and their gradual development until 2004. After that I described function and architecture of graphic cards. At the end of this part I mention cooling. In the main part I attend to primary goal of my thesis, which consist of chronological development modern graphic cards of primary producers after 2004.
At first I focused with each one producer on roundup series and at individual types in these series. Then I compared them how the new ones are different against previous cards in light of new technologie, architecture and their parameters. At the end of the primary section I compared paraller series represented by individual producers of characteristics cards with one another in the light of the most important parameters, used technologies and difference in architecture.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The goal is the creation of system for  presentation  professional CVs of researchers. Shows the deployment and benefits of using frameworks Nette and MVC architecture for designing and implementation of projects. It is described the workflow from analysis to implementation. The result is an application that allows users to easily create and edit a structured CV. Application of these CVs alone generates the necessary forms and provides them to print or download  them in PDF format.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses implementation of web booking system based on provided analysis. The first part describes comparison of appropriate technologies that allow implementation of part of application aimed on bookings. In the second part is described implementation of the application using those choosen technologies with regard to later merging with other parts of application and further extensions. The application provides complete management of bookings and automatic updates of data based on available information.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with implementation of an application for calculating the energy performance of buildings. Application was implemented in accordance with the standards TNI 73 0330, TNI 73 0329 and ÈSN 73 0540-2. Output of application is the building\\\'s energy performance certificate and building envelope\\\'s energetic certificate, which are legislatively required as parts of the documentation of construction projects according to Decree 148/2007.</td>]
[<td>Podolí dormitory currently does not have an electronic system for evidence purposes. This thesis was made possible thanks to the cooperation of the directorship of Podolí dormitory.
It suggests and implements a system that solves the current situation. Application has two parts. The first one is a web application that provides the whole administration with items in
evidence including budget administration, accounting and labels printing. The second part that is a scanner that is the module for communication between the scanner and web application. This solution should contribute to effective administration of possession and stocktaking in Podolí dormitory. Deployment of the application is planned for an academic year 2010/2011.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis summarizes possibilities of microcontroller-PC communication using USB or Ethernet interface. The second goal of this work is design and implementation of fully functional bootloader for Microchip PIC family PIC18F MCU\\\'s. This bootloader should support programming, erasing, reading and verication of ash memory and EEPROM memory in connected device.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and to implement a pack of portlets for LDAP server managing. These portlets allow administrator to add new users and departments to the LDAP server, to edit these users and departments and last but not least to lock or delete
users’ account. Portlets are implemented according to JSR-286 specification in Java 5 using J2EE 1.4 platform, they are deployed on WebSphere Portal, which runs on WebSphere Aplication Server and Tivoli Directory Server is used as LDAP server.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the development, production and testing, management of 
programmable DC motor controller designed for practical application. Along with other parts, 
which are the subject of work, creating facilities for bottling of honey from honeycomb. The 
result of this work is the circuit microcontroller managing honey bottling according to known 
algorithms. Circumference allows manual correction algorithm and the operation of 
emergency equipment in case of failure of automatic control.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the analysis, design and implementation of a driver for the ENC424J600 Ethernet controller chip into the uIP protocol stack for AVR microcontrolers.
The thesis describes the basic features of the hardware, with particular attention to the ENC424J600 Ethernet controller and the ATMega169 microcontroller included in the AVR Butterfly module. The functions of the uIP protocol stack and the implementation of the driver for the Ethernet controller are discussed in detail.
The outcome of the thesis is a functional driver written in the C language, as well as stress testing of the solution.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on comparison of telecomunication companies operating in Czech market. Result, based on history of telecomunication companies and theirs technologies, is be design and implementation of aplication, which will choose the best cell-phone tariff for user. This work includes implementation description and future vision.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on analysis of data formats used in Freemind and MindManager and on implementation of conversion tool between them. The output of this work will be an application, which will be able convert saved mind maps from one format to the other.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to implement IPv6 over IEEE~802.15.4 protocol, which is link layer part of ZigBee standard, by a modification of Chipcon~CC2420 RF transceiver linux driver. The faculty provided two Intel Imote2 sensor nodes for testing purposes. The nodes were equipped with the transceiver and installed with linux and an IPv4 supporting driver. The main issue of IPv6 over IEEE~802.15.4 protocol is MTU - maximum transfer unit. IEEE~802.15.4 protocol has MTU, according to used headers, from 81 to 102~octets. IPv6 requires MTU of 1280~octets. Therefore, it was necessary to implement fragmentation and reassembly routines on link layer. The modified driver emulates ethernet interface with MTU of 1280 octets.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is part of long-term project of simulator and visualiser called Mantichora. The thesis states basis of communication model by presenting metalanguage used to describe terms and objects specific to each simulation domain. Furthermore the thesis presents scene language design principles and module interface design principles with steps leading to their generation from domain described using the metalanguage.

The metalanguage and the dependant format design principles form the base of future project architecture and will allow its expansion.</td>]
[<td>Along with the society grows the demand for different types of goods. Having been produced, before being delivered to a customer, generally the goods have to be stored somewhere. The more goods, the greater are the demands for storage space and related processes. Warehouse operations are carried out using mobile terminals and nowadays voice terminals are becoming increasingly popular.

This diploma thesis deals with designing a custom management system for Vocollect terminals. Besides the development of the actual management server, a sequence of steps that customize the server for various storage (and possibly other) operations was devised. Finally, a tool for testing the management system without using a physical terminal was designed as a part of the thesis.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with evolution of application called Configurable generator of basic VHDL structures (VHDL SGen). This application defines templates of VHDL structures, which alows us comfortly generate most used VHDL structures, mainly counters and automats. Application can also work with VHDL testbench templates from which can be created VHDL testbenches of existing projects.

For the implementation was chosen programming language called Java, namely the SE version. GUI of the application is created using a graphical library JFC Swing, which was chosen for its independence from the operating system. Within this work was developed a simple VHDL parser, thru which runs the analysis of VHDL structures and templates.

The work includes a research of existing solutions, especially the Xilinx ISE tools and plugin for the editor Notepad++.</td>]
[<td>Bakaláøská práce se zabývá problematikou vytváøení map hvìzdné oblohy. Zkoumá situaci existujícího softwaru a souèasnì obsahuje popis tvorby programu, který je navr¾en s ohledem na splnìní po¾adavku na velkou pøizpùsobivost výstupu. Výsledný program je schopný vytváøet mapy z bì¾nì pou¾ívaných astronomických katalogù v moderním vektorovém formátu SVG a dává na výbìr z více mapových zobrazení. Souèástí práce je i letmé seznámení s problematikou geografických zobrazení a grafických formátù.</td>]
[<td>In this work is elaborated an extension of the software project manager Redmine and it is also elaborated the JavaScript Presentation Toolkit (JPT) documenta¬tion. As main goal this work comprises the design of new module serving for the JavaScript code testing on the client-side, and also the creation of Redmine extension. The Wiki module has been enhanced by support of tags and by granting the server resources to the client-side. The next part of this work comprises of creating the documentation for JavaScript Presentation Toolkit (JPT) including testing tasks and samples. This documentation gives comprehensive view of the JPT features not needing to pursue the deep study of JPT individual source codes. To give the possibility further develop and enrich this JPT environment this work contains also detailed project and implementation descriptions of the solutions applied.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with development and evaluation of applications that can be used to facilitate
the beekeepers work. The developed application is designed for mobile devices. First
were analyzed basic beekeeping business processes. We sought for the potentional problems
that might need to be promoted by the mobile application. Another point was to design and
implement the system that can solve these problems. As a result a prototype application was
made suitable for both - amateurs and also professionals. This prototype was testedfor eight
beekeepers in articial conditions and also during real beekeeping operations.</td>]
[<td>This work topic is multithreaded applications support in Clondike project. It contains generic implementation of remote access to ﬁles, semaphores and shared memory over a network and Clondike speciﬁc implementation of multithreaded processes migration between computers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with development plug-in extension for existing open source software telephone PJSGUA. The work includes description of protocol SIP, inclusive of his enlargement for information support about presence. The subject of analysis possible enlargement are specify functions, where there are  implemented in this theses. Next particular article be engaged in detail description for creating your own plug-in, how it is tendency coadjutant developer for next modular enlargement. </td>]
[<td>Optimalization difficulties are being handled in multiple areas of science including e.g. physics with respect to the determination of the optimum thickness of pressure tank, or artificial intelligence research in searching for optimal path of a robot.  The methods, which are designed to resolve subject difficulties, search for the effectiveness function arguments. Such methods can be divided into deterministic methods, which provide always the same solution; stochastic methods, which are based on random chance; and intermixed methods, which combine both previous methods. DIRECT or Dividing RECTangle represents a deterministic optimalization method whose objective is to search for the minimum of function. Description of the DIRECT method, its implementation into the JCOOL library along with final experiments is the subject of this thesis. 
JCOOL is a library written in the Java language that gathers athematical functions and optimalization methods. It is also able to visualize the course of particular methods and this functionality can be utilized in experiments.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes creation of the Microstation system add-in tools for transforming 2D drawing to 3D. It compares properties of individual integrated development environments which are available for developing of Microstation add-in tools. It analyzes the transformation methods of the variable types of the graphical elements to 3D through the space surface created by the network of triangles. On the basis of this analysis is created the add-in tool and there are described the key procedures, which were used during the implementation. In the end of the work are discussed the experiences gained during programming and testing of the application on a dates.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor\\\'s project designs new reporting modules for data mining software FAKE GAME.
There were implemented customizable reports using LaTeX, OpenOce Calc and JasperRe-
ports with DynamicJasper library.</td>]
[<td>Nowadays SEO, alias search engine optimization, is one of elements that can highly influence success of a company’s presentation or that can attract new customers to an internet shop. So that there’s disposition to create a web application the way to reach the best results in the internet searching for a particular phrase. This thesis contains specification of technologies, that can be used to achieve the best results, Top Servis project analysis from the search engine optimization point of view and own implementation of optimization.  </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and implementation of a user interface of the application for maintaining and editing the accreditation materials. A part of this thesis is a renewal of a database model and a transformation of data from the previous model into a new one. Another part of this thesis is to analyze processes, tools, technologies and their evaluation.
</td>]
[<td>In the last years, agile methodologies are popular method for project management. However, they are still surrounded by myths and misunderstandings and because of them, those methodologies are still not used very often. In Czech, there are only few sources and mostly, they are available with huge delay.

First part of this thesis serve as a short introduction to agile methodologies, usable as a guide book for novices. It gives a summary of methods from perspective of both developer and manager. To be closer to current work experience, some of the current techniques for web development are shown.

Second part shows practical usage of modified Scrum methodology on practical project. My program called CthulhuBot extends capabilites of continous integration system Buildbot and makes it more suitable for certain deployments.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is commonly get known with data mining, data mining methods feature ranking and feature selection and design a desktop application for visualizing the results of these methods. Visualization of the results will bring up simplication in work
with these methods and make the work with data mining more effective. The application will have a lot of options to choose visualization model and it will be offering a visualization of KTRCC(Kendall tau rank correlation coecient). This visualizing component will be integrated into FAKE-GAME project.
Keywords: Data mining, feature selection, feature ranking, KTRCC, FAKE-GAME, visualization in data mining.</td>]
[<td>Within the scope of this work was created computer controlled system, which to a great extent automated the previously manual gathering and evaluation of data from the measuring electrodes for calculating absorbing surfaces of tree roots by the modified earth impedance
method.
All the necessary hardware for gathering, adaptation and transfer of the measured signal into the computer was designed and created (eventually modified). Further was designed and implemented controlling software, which operates whole system. All parts were properly tested and optimized for maximal reliability and easy use.
The results of automated method were compared to the results of manually performed method based on the same principle.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to interconnect the application FAKE GAME with appropriate tools by Pentaho group. It acquaints readers with the possibilities of Pentaho tools exploitation in order to solve common business intelligence (BI) tasks. Based on a concrete example of the data mining application FAKE GAME it demonstrates the use of selected tools to extend a functionality of other software packages and shows the ways of extending  the functionality of Pentaho platform itself. As a result of this work the application FAKE GAME is enhanced by the ability to retrieve data from a wide variety of sources with a help of Pentaho Data Integration. Moreover FAKE GAME application is integrated with Pentaho Data Integration and Pentaho BI platform.</td>]
[<td>The of aim the work is to introduce XQuery data types into the CellStore
XQuery module. Current data model implementation does not support typed
values and thereupon the redesign of the XQuery module is necessary.
The atomic types and related functionality realization is described.
The XML Query Test Suite harness has been integrated in order to verify the 
redesign changes and to test the data types functionality.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design SOM (Self Organizing Map) artificial neural network in VHDL language for the use in the FPGA device Xilinx Virtex 4 which is contained in the DRC system. The design and implementation include usage of the approximated functions to compute more complex arithmetical operations.</td>]
[<td>XML-RPC server, which is the final product of this work is intended to connect web interface and webhosting servers itself. It eliminates time needed to apply settings changes which is common in standard solutions.

Server is implemented in Python as classic unix daemon, it is controlled via unix signals, unix domain socket and TCP sockets. Actions performed by server are implemented as plugins, which can be loaded and unloaded from core independently.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor\\\'s project arose from a need for transparency website creation. It was mainly about fixing client requirements on the final product and approval of work done, such as graphics. Very often the case that a customer changes very significantly its requirements and thus leads to cost overruns on the product Web site creator. The information system should eliminate the above problems that the customer must approve each step of development. Subsequently provide the basis for any negotiations on price increases for changes to the award.

In addition to create the transparency requirements to track the sites that are managed and charge according to the needs of the job and financial trends graphically represent the creator of the Web (earnings in production and management of sites).</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, we attend to solve the problem fast find ray-triangle intersection. We study various methods to solve problem, some of them describe in detail and implement their algorithms. We compare individual implementations each other through measure on different
scenes and sets of rays. Evaluate final results and come with findings that the fastest method use Plücker coordinates computed in accelerated structure both for triangles and rays. Authors of this method were Amanatides, Choi. In compare to other methods their algorithm is 45-66% faster and is the fastest in every tested scenes.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with JavaScript libraries and implementation of vector graphics on the web using JavaScript. The thesis leverages existing libraries, an available vector formats for web and cross-browser implementation of a vector graphics for JavaScript. The thesis also describes the sample application demonstrating the cooperation of HTML and the vector graphics using JavaScript.</td>]
[<td>Web application enviroment has some specific characteristics, which are not used by common architectonical patterns and resulting applications are often more complex than they would have to be. This paper describes the design focused exclusively on web applications. It is based on connecting small and simple modules into dynamic pipeline, where modules have unified interface and all data are constant. Emphasis is placed on the reusability of individual modules and also on the ability to change and extend its application logic without the need for modifications in the source code.</td>]
[<td>This work examines proposal of metaheuristics switching technique for optimalization problems. There are implemented selected metaheuristics (simulated snnealing, genetic algorithm and ant colony ptimalization) and metaheuristics switching algorithm. There are tested three variants of metaheuristics switching algorithm - simple sequential switching of selected metaheuristics (with/without results sharing) and \\</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to nd benets of Knowledge Management in companies and search
how deep is Knowledge Management spread in business.
The thesis is focus on Knowledge Management and how Knowledge management works
in student organization IAESTE.
In the rst part of the thesis is described history of Knowledge Management and how this
new method can help companies to the best results. In the next part there is a real example
of one student organization and how Knowledge Management works in this company.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement algorithms used in Espresso minimization tool for computing complement of multiple-output Boolean functions. The implemented application should be able to process a two-level logic function given in PLA file. Another goal is the speed of mentioned algorithms, as the application is expected to process large input data. The final application will be tested on benchmark files and results will be compared with existing applications based on decision diagrams and “sharp product” algorithms.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with extension of student project \\</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to design and implement a model of firewall system operating in IP networks. It includes state filtering and network address translation (NAT). The implementation is made under the OMNeT++ simulation tool. Input data of the model are in form of input data of the real firewall implementation in the Linux system (Iptables). The thesis includes the sample simulation of the more complex computer network.</td>]
[<td>This thesis studies possibilities of parallel implementation of numerical methods for solving Poisson\\\'s equation on clusters of workstations. The continuous problem is properly defined and transformed using finite difference method into the discrete problem. Systems of linear equations, which arise during discretization process are studied in detail together with suitability of numerical methods for their solving. Both classical iterative methods (stationary and nonstationary) as well as special methods such as multigrid are mentioned. Their parallel properties are discussed theoretically. Sequential and parallel implementations of these methods in C++ language using MPI library are tested with special model instances. Results are afterwards discussed and evaluated. Comparison with one of the existing high-performance numerical library (PETSc) is provided as well.</td>]
[<td>Due to the complexity of brain surgery, it is appropriate to collect and analyze additional information, which could help physicians in their work. The goal was to get acquainted with video recordings of human brain operations and with OpenCV, program library for image analysis. After that design and implement program for image tabilization and extraction of static and dynamic changes in picture, which could lead to classification of healthy or diseased tissues.
Result of this work is program, which stabilizes the video input and for selected point extracts saturation and saves it to file. Allows also to select from several display modes for better visual analysis. Test suite is also included, which allows to analyze the extracted
waveforms. Based on results of these tests we can say whether the course includes a measured ECG signal.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to build a web application for an online store using the JEE platform. The application should be based on Spring application framework and should use a suitable object-relational mapping framework. The thesis firstly defines the frequently used concepts and then introduces the reader to the hiearchy of Spring framework modules. Frequently used ORM frameworks are introduced, including a discussion on their advantages and disadvantages. The next part of this thesis is concerned with requirements analysis. The requirements are collected in the form of use cases. The following part discusses issues concerning the architecture of the application and also deals with design of the individual application parts. The application design leverages several common patterns. Some of the issues arising from the use of frameworks encountered during the implementation are also detailed.</td>]
[<td>This document deals with a two-dimensional pattern matching algorithm, which allows a pattern to appear in a text in rotated form. It uses 2D indexing in combination with a sistring trie structure. This document describes one efficient matching algorithm with specific approach to matching and its implementation. This algorithm is convenient for searching in image databases and similar applications.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the possibility of creating an ActionScript library providing uniform access to images and videos stored on servers on the internet. These are otherwise accessible by various application interfaces. The solution involves logging in to servers and retrieving information about media stored there. The media is provided to third-party programmers in the unified object form. In particular, the thesis handles the design of suitable software architecture. The possibility to easily extend functionality is especially emphasized.

The library is capable of handling some widely used standard formats and protocols. In order to ensure required extensibility, the program has been designed as modular (controllers of connection and of media retrieval, parsers etc.), each component having exactly defined interface. As a result of the thesis, completely functional library has been created.
</td>]
[<td>Abstract
The bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of interpreter of Pascal
programming language and its web user interface. Interface supports creating,
managing and debugging of source code. Main goal is to prove that even today,
Pascal can be used for teaching programming skills.</td>]
[<td>This thesis work deals with the implementation of ray tracing method on IBM CELL processor,
using the accelerating structures of kd-tree and bvh tree structures. Aim of this work
is to compare the results of the method using both structures and assess the feasibility of
the use of ray tracing in the gaming industry.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focusing on making interface between InertialMeasurement Unit ADIS16405BMLZ
and Data Acquisition Module. Goal of this work was manufacturing hardware connection
between these two units and implementing software for loading measured values and making
basic correction of bias and filtration of measured data. It is expected, that new unit will
replace unit actually used, which has not got ideal parameters for system, where it is used.
So after implementing this solution into final system, there are expected better results with
no need of aditional hardware or software modifications.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with implementation of a dynamic information
system for produce company, dynamic viewing of data on the client side. The implementation is realized using the Java language and GWT framework.The final system allows managing of data for company. 
The information System is designed with great emphasis on the simple scalability of the system of individual attributes as
well as throughout the modules.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with distributed filesystems. Aim of this work is review todays distributed filesystems.
We will focus on university network and its spefifics. Based on todays sollution, we will propose 
new distributed system and we will implement pilot project. </td>]
[<td>This final work has an implementing form, because of an implementation of a functional model, which communicates over a net. There are described particular phases in turn. The first chapter is about analysis. There are cleared up some important terms, which are necessary to make a project. There is also analyzed available hardware used by the realization. In next chapter is described a project of communication between a unit and a central computer. And below in this chapter is pictured a scheme of the unit. In the last chapter is described a using of development environment for creation own firmware and software of both parts in detail. Among others is in this part of the chapter displayed a circuit board, which was made by own project. Finally this work is focused on testing a final communication.</td>]
[<td>Thesis deals with the development of a common application for users of different community networks, independent of the network where it runs. Firstly, the problem has been analyzed and appropriate portals for system deployment have been selected. Further, the special layer has been designed in order to separate application from various methods of user authentication on different social networks. To facilitate the distribution among users, they can play there some popular board games. The system has been implemented as a modular so as to be easily extended to other community networks and for a facile addition of the other board games in the future. The resultant application has been deployed in Facebook, MySpace and Friendster.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to analyze the way TeX generates PDF documents and discover why a correct extraction of a text from these documents is not possible. The other part is to project a solution that will lead to a generation of correct documents. The output of the project is an application that corrects documents and a correct extraction of text will be possible from documents corrected by this application.</td>]
[<td>Generator of tests and exams has become an application that will be appreciated by many university teachers. Its main benefits are much more efficient creation of questions and tests, option to generate personalized test sets and seamless co-operation with the automatic evaluation of tests. Based on the feedback of this system, generator will be able to regulate the difficulty of the questions and subsequently put them into the tests.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the selection of proper technologies and with a software design of
project management system. The selection of the technologies includes choosing proper
programming language, server and database. The analysis of the technologies covers the
selection of frameworks for data and presentation layer as well as the application framework
used for uniting the whole system. Specification of interfaces for modules communicating
with external systems such as SVN and TRAC is one of the important parts of the software
design.</td>]
[<td>This master\\\'s thesis is a part of a larger project, which is solving by more students and which goal is to create an electronic system for support the education of the selected courses on the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
This part is focused on graph algorithms and its goal is to create an set of applets demonstrating the graph algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is the design and subsequent implementation own data repository of the basic core of the Student’s Crutch system.
This system was being developed as bachelor theses and diploma paper in previous years and is being created to streamline cross-communication between students and teachers.
This work describes a revision of previous releases of the system, in order to create a simpler kernel, which will be followed by later formed parts of the system - plugging.

This is a project that is trying to facilitate the work of the instructors and lecturers in the organization and leadership their training work and also display the results of tests and work of students, who are informed of their results with a simple way, or on whether to grant credit and they can easily exhibit their semester project.It also helps the guarantees of the subject to monitor whether the lessons are provided by the rules.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design and an implementation of public part of application for planning checks of medical devices and also the implementation of essential functions for managing that part to internal system. At first, a process of linking-up to the old application is described. After that an analysis of the public module is performed. The next part of the work contains a discussion of possible technologies for such a kind of a web application. Furthermore, the application’s design and implementation are presented. At the end of the work, there is process and results of testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with proposal and implementation of application for creation of interactive web forms. Diagrams of graphical language Unified Modeling Language were used for the proposal of application. The application was programmated with the help of Javascript, PHP and PEAR QuickForm components. Data storage was made with the help of relational database MySQL.</td>]
[<td>In the future this work should replace the actual version of the web application - media gallery of the international programming contest.The project should replace and improve functionality of the actual version of media gallery. In addition to browsing photos from contest events this new gallery offers an extended search, inserting photos into categories. Photos are split into galleries, users can write comments under each photo and it is now possible to mark faces on the images. This application is developed mostly in Seam technology.</td>]
[<td>Magazine Chip have been published with DVD - Chip DVD.
Until now, DVD interface was static HTML pages.
This work gives us and implement new Web interface with XUL.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on implementation of artificial neural network in field of programmable gate array which will be used as accelerator to common processor. Advantage of this neural network is faster learning than multilayer networks which is appropriate for a real time processing. In implementation are used linear approximations of complex functions which are less resource hungry and faster. These approximated functions substitutes multiply, divide and functions of ex with their approximated variants which consists only from adders and barrel shifters. Recall and learning of the neural network are implemented by the help of these linearly approximated functions. Target platform is computer from DRC company which contain FPGA Xilinx Virtex-4 connected to the rest of the system by Hypertransport. Design is projected to use bandwidth effectively in order to this connection don\\\'t become a bottleneck and to exploit available paralelization of calculations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis concerns the use of web services with semantic web technology. The main part of the thesis is about design, analysis and implementation of web service providing semantic data from data storage. As a result, the web service client has been implemented to demonstrate its function. Presented solution forms the base model for web services providing semantic data. Substantial part of the thesis is the study and implementation of web service as secured communication channel.</td>]
[<td>This labour\\\'s topic is solving large systems of linear inequalities by Fourier-Motzkin elimination algorithm, which is similar to Gaussian elimination for linear equations.
    Goal of this labour is creation of program, which will work effectively and with best effort will give solution in a short time with low memory usage. Program is written in Java.
</td>]
[<td>Content of this work is solid testing of algorithm of automatic preprocessing in GAME
project. On the basis of measured data was made its evaluation and improvement. First
we introduce data mining in general, then we will discuss genetic algorithms and finally
we introduce GAME project. We describe briefly used algorithm and sink ourselves into
measured data, its analysis and evaluation.
Conclusive issues of this improvement we will find again by experimental measurement
and follow-up comparison with early measured data. Part of work are also simple programms,
that were necessary for testing used algorithm.</td>]
[<td>The work is about analysis, design and realization of the mechanical robotic head as an
alternative user interface for specific computer applications. The work consists of the me-
chanical construction, the control module hardware, the control module firmware and the
computer software to achieve human-like communication aspects. The mechanical construc-
tion covers the design and realization of physical head and it’s inputs and outputs driven by
control module. The control module hardware covers the electronics that collects the head
inputs and controls the head outputs. It forms the intermediate part between the physical
head and the computer. The control module firmware manages the microcontroller code.
The microcontroller is the component of control module. The computer software manages
the control module API, the movement library and the demo application. The control mod-
ule API provides the control module microcontroller capabilities. The movement library
coordinates head movements. The demo application presents the head features using user
tracking example.</td>]
[<td>This document is dealing with design and realization of a device for GPS navigation, which logs the received data and provides for displaying them as an overlay over a map. It presents and compares abilities of existing devices and uses the best features to create a new construction.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis and implementation of the core of an information system for a software company and a module for issue tracking. The system will be deployed as a web application and will assist employees organize their work. To implement the system, the programming language Groovy and the Grails framework were used. 

Text of this thesis contains an analysis of the system and a description of its significant implementation parts.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis of the shopping process of blind people. It suggests a solution which simplifies this process. The result of the suggested solution is a functional mobile application for the Symbian operation system with an unconventional method of control.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with automatization of processing and checking of large amount of semestral
works from Database Systems Course which is taught on FEE CTU in the third semester.
Each student is required to present a project on a selected topic which includes database
design and presentation of results in an XML document. Previous checking methods included
only personal presentation and discussion with teacher. If we have about twenty students
in one group, three checking points and a teacher who leads more groups than only one, it
becomes quite time consuming method.
The objective of this thesis is to reduce the checking time on both sides by developing a
checking software with minimal system requirements. The software was determined for and
tested primarily on Oracle and PostgreSQL database systems because it has to be platform
independent. However students are allowed to use any other database system such as MySQL
which was also included in the nal problem solution. An extension to any other database
system costs minimal changes in the source code.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with web application development for project administration support in
subject Software Engineering at the Czech Technical University in Prague, at the Faculty of
Electrical Engineering. This application should cooperate with existing Moodle system and
should replace present inefficient team creation, their organization and task administration.
The communication among team members is made easier thanks to automatically sending
emails and for teacher the application is equipped with system for commentary writing for
make a comment about any part of project.
The text of this work describes application design on the basis of UML notation, also
takes a short look at the Java EE technology issues and used frameworks, also describes
implementation and testing of the application. We can find also user guide in the appendix.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the development of the library for forward pattern matching in
text and grafical user interface, in which this library is used. The thesis contains requirements,
the description of some algorithms, which are establish for pattern matching, and the
description of implementation of the corresponding library and the grafical user interface.
This application is written in programming language C++ using Qt library.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement an information system for small and medium-sized libraries. The system will facilitate management of library content and reserve books via the web.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this writing is to get familiar with private virtual web and also protocols, which are used during tunneling, encryption and data transmission. My work includes testing of several types of virtual private webs with their descriptions. At the end there is an evaluation regarding the financial and security parts to know which type of web is suitable for medium size company.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to design and implement an application for navigating a user to Point of interest (POI). POI is a specific location that someone may find useful or interesting. Google Android was selected to be the software platform to host the application because the service is expected to be used mostly by users with mobile and user friendly devices. The thesis starts with an introduction into basics of a software development on Google Android. The reader also becomes familiar with the technology and features to be implemented. Further on, application’s design and implementation are described in detail. Finally, after reviewing the software test results, application imperfections and it’s future improvements are discussed.</td>]
[<td>Main goal of this thesis is to research and analyze attack vectors in secure communication based on SSL/TLS protocols. Attack vectors are distinguished into two groups. Discussion of public key infrastructure is prepended. Class of attacks employing cryptographic analysis is discussed as more protocol impacting. Reference to known and modern attacks is made. Classification of vulnerabilities is suggested with regard to protocol impact severity. Class of social engineering attacks is addressed from angle of computer-human interaction. Studies of human behavior are referred to. Comparative study of browser security policies is conducted. Social engineering attacks are analyzed statistically. Thesis provides recommendations with regard to safe practices.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this bachelor\\\'s project is to design and implement a tool for generation pushdown automata for some arbological problems and their transformation, view and export.

Implemented automata are tree pattern a subtree, both in deterministic and nondeterministic version. The tool shall be modular modular and shall allow easy extension at any of its components (generation, transformation, view, export).</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is to realize a base board unit for the Furby Toy. The second assignment is porting and extending of an exist firmware for the dsPIC platform, which is supplied by Microchip. It is necessary to keep its primary functionalities in the remote control form and also to implement the transfer of a high-quality audio to the remote PCs. Wireless transmission is based on Bluetooth technology using Bluetooth module F2M03GLA from the Free2Move Company. The result of this project is the complement of the PCB Furby toy motherboard, its testing and delivery of functional firmware able to provide a toy remote control and also subsequently to transfer the audio signal to the management side through the modulation ADPCM. A creation of a demo application, testing the functionality and interpreting its results has also been a necessity.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design of method of structural indexing XPath Accelerator. Implementation is done in enviroment of the XML-lambda framework. The result is a functional prototype of the method in ExDB environment.
The second part is design and implementation of a queue module, which implements inline function in another thread, so it does not burden the system too much. Queue contains heuristics to evaluate the time dependency between functions the possibility of reindexing instead of individual adding or removing elements.</td>]
[<td>Main goals of this project are to create online game played in browser based on economic model of companies. Motto of this project is \\</td>]
[<td>This work deals with decomposition of logic function based on binary decision diagrams. The work describes the theory of logic functions and binary decision diagrams, then describes library CUDD, which is used as a tool for manipulating with binary decision diagrams.
The following part is an explanation of AND, OR, XOR decomposition, and other tools to minimize functions. This thesis also describes the implementation of tool for decomposition logic functions based on these types of decomposition.
The testing of the application itself is carried out in the last part of the thesis. Finally, the author also mentions other possibilities of extending his tool.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a system designed for use in industry, that would allow remotely, via the internet, operate any machinery, which was not designed to support remote control.
This remote control system will consist of three main parts, the hardware module that will connect the machinery with the system, the server part, which will provide services for clients and will allow connection of any number of hardware modules and client application that will remotely control the machinery.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor Thesis is dealing with a proposal and implementation of presentation of a small municipality on the Internet. The objective of the Thesis rests in production of an interactive web presentation, with emphasis on simplicity not only for web site users, but also for operators who will not need any professional specialization. The system provides all data in accordance with the act on free access to information and, at the same time, it contains current information about the life and course of events in the municipality.

The theoretical part analyses comparison of similar systems from the aspect of solutions for other municipalities, towns, etc. Requirements for the system and realization are also analyzed. Analyses of the system and selection of tools and technologies was carried out with the appropriate reasoning. The practical part of the Bachelor Thesis contains documentation of the implementation itself and its testing.</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis we describe the problem of mining of frequent subsequences from databases. We describe three major algorithms: GSP, Spade, and Prefixspan. We experimentaly compare two of the algorithms: Spade and Prefixspan on synthetic and real databases for different values of minimal support. GSP is ommited from the experimental comparsion due to the proved slowness and memory use of the algorithm. The experimental results show that Spade is slower than Prefixspan, which corresponds with the experiments of the authors of the two algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The main role of server and desktop virtualization technology is to improve the IT environment and reduce the spendings of organizations. The goal of this work is to become familiar with the technology and to analyse its fitness for the environment of Department of Computer Science and Engineering. For that purpose, a research is done on the server and desktop virtualization principles and three enterprise products are compared. Benchmarking VMware ESXi, XenServer and Hyper-V, which are the server virtualization market dominating products nowadays, reveals virtualization overhead ranging from 1 to 50 percent for different hardware components. The results of the case study are based on collected information from conducting an own research and interviewing administrators at the department. Its conclusion is not only the fact that server virtualization can solve several identified problems but also a suggestion and design of a solution. On the other hand, desktop virtualization is considered unsuitable.</td>]
[<td>Task of this diploma project, is to create secure USB device, supporting secure transfer of data compliant norm IEEE1667. My task was to study norm IEEE1667 and realize complete USB device compliant this norm on the development kit PIC24F Starter Kit 1.
This diploma project follow on bachelor project: USB device supporting data security from Jiøí Lu¾nický, which was one of the first project, that interested in norm IEEE1667 and gives us a study, if there is an chance to create such device.
Firmware I implemented is capable full communication with PC using commands described in norm IEEE1667, part of this work is also WDM driver for this device, which provide support of this norm at the side of ordinary PC. I also implement application for testing this device, which provide testing of functionality of all commands, with restrictions given by the development board.</td>]
[<td>Tato práce se zabývá definicí datové struktury graf datových a øídídích tokù (Control Data Flow Graph, CDFG), její reprezentací pomocí prostøedkù jazyka Java, pøekladaèem z jazyka Java do CDFG a vizualizací CDFG. Graf datových a øídídích tokù je je grafová struktura popisující tok vykonávání a dat v programu. Lze je vyu¾ít k vizualizaci algoritmù, analáze algoritmù pomocí teorie grafù, optimalizací na vysoké urovni abstrakce, i syntéze logickych obvodù.</td>]
[<td>A goal of this thesis is to become acquainted with algorithms of solving large sparse linear equations systems, concretely with algorithms of Gause\\\'s elimination, LU-decompostion, CG (method of conjugated gradient) and BiCG (method of Biconjugate gradient), implement them and compare their performance.</td>]
[<td>Web services are very progressive trend in web technologies and they tend to be much more used either in large company applications or just in small projects. This bachelor thesis in its introductory section deals with familiarization with web services and the introduction of the basic methods of its implementation. Then it is described development of the desktop administration tool for the web gallery, which is using its web services. Included are all parts of the development cycle from design, implementation to testing.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the development of web service for database access. The goal is to analyse, design and implement web service, web interface for administration, client application library and sample client application with a graphical interface.

The application is tested and ready to deploy as part of open source platform for support the lifecycle of BPM and its linking with other systems.</td>]
[<td>3D maps tries to follow the bachelor thesis Height profile generating program and offer a map browser of the Czech Republic. The most important change is the implementation of pure web application without plug-ins. Connections to providers of map layers and elevation data are necessary condition for functionality of the application. After designing or importing routes the height profile of the route can be analyzed by specific tools and by viewing it in the three-dimensional relief of the landscape. The application supports all of the most common coordinate systems for GPS. Usability testing with typical users and detailed analysis are an important part of the work.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is creation of software for imaging data, measured by fluxgate probe. This thesis can be also used as tutoriál how to implement OpenGL into MFC.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis of requirements, the recognition of the needs of the users and a following implementation and testing of the information system for travel agencies. 
The first part of the work deals with the analysis of the requirements for the information system. The second part deals with the analysis of the requirements from potencial customers. The third part deals with the construction and the implementation of the system. The last part of the work deals with the testing of the system.</td>]
[<td>Text se zamìøuje na návrh a implementaci webové aplikace internetového obchodu s mo¾ností prezentace produktù pomocí modelù ve 3D. Zaobírá se pøedev¹ím technologií VRML a mo¾nostmi kombinovat 3D modely produktù jako souèástí, které spoleènì tvoøí jeden celek. Kromì prezentace je souèástí aplikace administraèní rozhraní pro správu obsahu internetového obchodu. Ústøedním nástrojem pro realizaci je programovací jazyk PHP.</td>]
[<td>The thesis aims to implement a highly available information system of the time-reporting.
Information system serves to increase the efficiency of processes in the company BPSolutions Ltd. and should be designed to be applicable in companies in general. 
At present, companies are often decentralized, so it is necessary that an information system designed to be highly available. 
The thesis is an analysis, the choice of appropriate frameworks, implementation in Java and testing.
During the implementation of the use of various frameworks - Seam, Hibernate, Drools, RichFaces, Facelets, ... . To realize the high availability cluster was used, both database and application. Testing were used for these tests - Unit, Integration, Usability.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the design and implementation of a GPS datalogger device based on a microcontroller without using an operating system. The implementation uses an embedded GPS receiver and a Bluetooth module. The log is saved on an SD card and transferred to a computer using OBEX FTP. The integration of an accelerometer device is uncommon and offers new options in professional applications.

This implementation often performs the same or better than existing commercial products.
</td>]
[<td>This paper deals with different methods of Multichannel video playback, respectively in classic monoscopic way and different ways for stereoscopic display. This paper also deals with splitting video image in a number of parts and their playback on different computers connected to a network or different outputs of one computer.</td>]
[<td>The task of mobile robot exploration is to build a map of the environment. The map can be further used in various robotics applications. At the beginning of the exploration the robot has no apriori knowledge about the environment. As the robot moves the map is built and it is used both for localization and reasoning about possible actions. In the bachelor thesis the exploration strategy called Next Best View is described, implemented and experimentally verified in both simulator and with real robots.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The scientific world of XML database systems has been experiencing significant boom of competitive indexing optimizations in the last decades. Rather than creating another tailored indexing method, we aim to launch a development of a new indexing framework that will enable integration of most common types of indices. This work takes the initiative step to advance the development of the ExDB database of our department by including index optimization techniques. Our work is based on a comprehensive research of commonly used indexing methods. We conducted a broad analysis of the fundamentals for the indexing framework. Throughout the analysis we coined new terms including index coverage, query coverage. We have developed a specific structures for expressing the index coverage by step-tables and the query coverage by query coverage graph. To our recent knowledge, there is no such research that explicitly combines index coverage and query coverage to form a compact theory. For the purpose of demonstrating the key principles of our theory we built the prototype.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor\\\'s thesis focuses on design and implementation of attribute support in the Fika parser generator. It introduces attribute grammars as the main theoretical tool for specification of programming languages, analyses current solution and its drawbacks represented by the JastAdd compiler compiler system and outlines newer approach taken in the Fika project. It presents implementation created while working on the Fika project and evaluates final outcome.</td>]
[<td>This work is concerned with development of simple map application for OS Maemo5. Map
application allows user to view a map with different types of map surface, move map,
display information about objects on map and search in these objects. As a result is
application running on real mobile device with OS Maemo 5.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the description of the TDM over IP technology, which serves to the transmission of digital signals through the network based on the IP protocol. The principle of this technology is analyzed in the first part of this thesis. In the second part, there are described the results and evaluation of the tests arising from the use of the devices which make use of this technology. The conclusion of the thesis is concerned with the recommendation for settings of the device in the practical use. </td>]
[<td>Goal of this bachelor thesis is to analyze and implement a mobile device module, developed as the part of a more complex systém for a restaurant and elaborate several different alternatives for the physical architecture of this system. According to this structure, the thesis is divided into two parts. Output of these parts are on the one hand implemented and working mobile device module and, on the other hand an analysis of the different physical architectures. Selected architectures will be amended with a user guide and installation packages.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this bachelor\\\\\\\'s project is to analyze available systems management products, both commercial and open-source. It analyzes integration possibilities against servers made by Oracle (Sun) and a result of this project is an integration into a selected software. As a part of analysis there is also a theory focused on benefits of systems management, available methods of data acquisition and protocols that are used for monitoring and managing servers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis summarizes experiences acquired during the realization of the custom-made
information system project, whereof design and development adopts approaches based on
a model-driven software development concept. Promising results archieved by use of that
approach were stimulation of the intensive investigation into its additional advancement
and application to the projects of similar type.
Aim of this work is to organize captured pieces of knowledge and observations in a
manner that facilitates theoretical understanding and simplies practical utilization of
discussed approach for another people interested in this subject.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor thesis is to summarize web technologies for creating web applications and their usage possibilities, especially to describe technologies for interactive interface. The second goal is to design and create web interface for sheduling solver. This interface is intended for shedule service engineer\\\'s events and for related data manipulation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement program for easy timetable creation. Using this program, students can browse list of courses and enroll for chosen courses. Program also offers intuitive user interface for a classes selection. Information about timetable are stored in database at remote server. Communication between server and client program is realised by web service.</td>]
[<td>This paper deals with possibilities and future of web oriented systém Studentova berlièka. Purpose
of this thesis is to verify user-friendliness using suitable tests and on base of gained knowledge
realize proper changes. This thesis further deals with possibilities of usage of this systém on faculty
level and examination of limits of actual system. Gathered knowledge is based on many years of
testing made on Computer science Department and on series of usability tests, which were taken
mainly on purpose of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The new ensembling algorithm called SyRaCEns for solving regression problems has been described in detail. The algorithm uses Systematic and Random error of base models to Cluster them for the Ensemble. The algorithm was implemented in FAKE GAME system so it can be used for the experiments with regression datasets and compared to other implemented algorithms.
The SyRaCEns algorithm was evaluated on Housing, Building, Fetal weight and Mandarin dataset together with the bagging and AdaBoost.RT algorithm. The average value of RMS was used for the comparison of the algorithms. The experiments have shown that the SyRaCEns algorithm was better than both bagging and AdaBoost.RT algorithm on Housing dataset. In other problems (Building, Fetal weight and Mandarin dataset) the differences among the performances of the algorithms were negligible.
The thesis contains the theoretical background of ensembling and clustering techniques and their implementations. Then, there is the detailed description of the new algorithm supplemented with its pseudocode. Finally, the thesis provides its implementation in FAKE GAME system and the evaluation of its performance on four datasets.
</td>]
[<td>The purpose and goal of my work is to design and implement an automatic bidding system for (the auction portal) e-bay.com. The program will watch a given auction and make a bid in last 5 seconds to win the auction and also has to be able watch more auctions simultaneosly. The program must be compatible with Linux operating system. GUI is not required as the program can be controlled via command line.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this document is to familiarize reader with parallel technologies used in graphic processing units and provide general overview over nowadays trends in general purpose parallel computing on graphic processing units. Reader will be told about advantages of massive parallel computing on graphic processing units and about their applications in scientific calculations, especially in artificial recurrent neural network technology. It is not purpose of this document to describe every aspect of recurrent neural networks, but to demonstrate means of graphic processing units in this matter.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is to implement an application for simulation of two-level logic circuits described in PLA format. Another goal is to extend this application to be able to simulate multi-level circuits described in BLIF, considering combinational and even sequential types of BLIF. In order to achieve fast simulation, standard techniques are used - e.g. machine-word parallel simulation or preprocessing.</td>]
[<td>The master’s thesis deals with an application of artificial intelligence algorithms in strategy games. Algorithms Minimax, Negamax, Alpha – Beta and theirs improvements are theoretically described and implemented. These algorithms are used in implementation of universal graphic interface, which allows us to work with the arbitrary strategical game. For this thesis, three abstract antagonistic games, Abalone, Terrace and Yinsh were described and implemented.
The introductory part describes chosen games, their rules and history. The second part addresses the theoretical description of the game trees, used algorithms and their improvements. Design and realization are described in the third part, which engage the way, how algorithms, heuristic functions and further selected parts of application are implemented. The fourth part is devoted to the measuring and comparing properties of each algorithm and heuristic function. The final part contains a summarization of achieved results and proposals to the future for the further research.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to present issues concerning portals and portlets and assess resources, that modern development environments offer to portlet development. The plugin in the form of Eclipse wizard was implemented. This plugin makes creation and configuration of portlets based on Spring MVC easier. Process of creation Spring MVC portlets is described in detail in this text.</td>]
[<td>This work studies Oracle database data dictionary and Oracle libraries for .NET technology. Using the gained knowledge is made design and implementation of administration tool for Oracle database in programming language  C#. Part of the work are also user tests of tool. </td>]
[<td>Design and implement a program for stereo image processing from a camera system consisting of two cameras located on robotic platform. Program will run on a small powerful laptop. It will provide information about distance of objects. Then, realize a simple robot navigation by color symbols or gestures. Concentrate on algorithms, which will provide desired information in real time.</td>]
[<td>Fika is a parser generator that supports modular and reusable grammar. The aim of this work is to learn abilities of Fika and to implement grammar of C programming language using grammar of another language. Possibilities of use of design patterns for writing a programming grammar and methodology for working with Fika are also described.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with a layout of web social network. The work is concerned about requirements for the application of this type and describes briey chosen social networks accessible on the Internet. Futhermore, there is released the analysis including of the layout.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>Aim of this thesis is to design and implement web portal system for support and online gaming of role playing games. System is modular and in its basic state supports czech game Draèí Doupì (literally: Dragon’s Den), other games are in plan. System requires an easy registration, without requiring personal data. The outcome is a perspective open source project, which will certainly be attractive for users.
</td>]
[<td>Aim of this project is to create content management system for community portal, which is able to serve a big amount of requests on server with a small hardware load. System should be able to run multiple instances within one core (on a single physical machine with different configuration files and databases). It is not required to use any proprietal software (like operating system). This project should be modular and safe.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this study is the implementation of three algorithms of computation of modular inversion with extended accuracy in assembler. This operation is inseparable part of some encryption algorithms such as e.g. RSA or ECC. Most of current implementations are programmed in higher programming languages (C/C++/Java etc.). This study is aiming into implementation of algorithms of computation of modular inversion by using low level programming language -- assembler.</td>]
[<td>This thesis pursues orthogonalization of a logic function - decomposition of logic function to disjoint sum of products. The thesis proposes implementation of a algorithm for orthogonalization with optimalization of results. A product of this work is a tool which is able to load logic function from PLA file, minimize it and save it back. Implementation of the algorithm is compared on MCNC benchmarks with DSOP and a subprogram of Espresso for orthogonalization. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor’s project is to extend the current modules of restaurant management system - storage and administrative module and cash module - and to integrate them into single complex software. In this problem it is especially focusing on tighter interconnection
between the system and its users using their roles and on the interface optimalization for a touch screen use.

While some new functions like wide variety of discount model, statistics generation for some research purposes, or program settings adaptation according to the manager’s wishes are added, it observes the client-server structure of the original system. Afterwards, the main intention is the creation of very flexible software for the restaurant.</td>]
[<td>The work compares data storages especially with the view of data processing. It focuses primarily on confrontation of the transactional and nontransactional systems. The important part of the work is the experiment which confrontates the speed of system response to typical database operations. The work deals with the following RDBMSs: PostgreSQL, FireBird and MySQL. This database storages will be described next in this work.
</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with methods for adaptive web creation. First it describes three chosen algorithms - Decision Trees, Bayesian network and especially K-means, which was implemented for the application needs. Adaptation is based on a user model stored in a relational database, where the model is identified by logging the user in or by a sessionalization process. The aim of the work was to design and implement in the Java language an application that allows observing user‘s behavior changes to verify the theoretical part of this bachelor thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work is engaged in communication of operating system Android and Webserver. PHP 5
technology was used for server side programming. MySQL was used for the database. Primary
goal of this communication should be photography, creation of functions for comprimation
under condition that the fotography is given in standard format, which supported by the
operating system. The server is, of course, ready to accept also other files, but for them is
not comprimation support.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to set up a fluid dynamics solver that runs entirely on the graphics hardware. Therefore I implemented the numerical solution of Navier-Stokes equations using an Euler approach. My solver uses the OpenCL framework for parallel computing and OpenGL for visualization. As it is presented, my implementation even on the low-end graphics hardware with shared memory provides significant speed-up compared to the CPU implementation.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is about implementing a new functionality (application) for IBM Tivoli Service Request Manager based on Maximo platform. The application is intended to support administration of courses.
Beside the implementation itself, this texts serves as an general manual for developing applications on Maximo platform.</td>]
[<td>This paper is attend to methods of reconstruction physical network topology. It is focus
on heterogeneous network background and data mining with SNMP. The beginning of this
paper is focus on protocols which are appropriate for getting data from network machines.
During the project a method based on analysis of CAM tables is drawn up. This method is
able to rebuild network topology. This method is implemented and tested in conclusion.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a problem of document registration and processing for small-sized enterprises. The objective is to analyze life-cycle of a document in a company from its evidence and processing to the archivation; suggest a working solution for its electronic treatment and finally realize the solution in a user-friendly application. Resulting application is installed and tested as a trial in a Retirement Home Prague 8 where it replaces paper form records. Now the application keeps record of all received, sent and internal correspondence.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to make the reader acquainted with the basic principles and procedures used within planning and selecting backup utilities describing all parts necessary for the conception of such system and defining requirements the system has to accomplish.
The following part of this work deals with analysis of corporational devices in a sample implementation of the system. At proposing solution of a backup utility, the implementation is devided into two parts, i.e. two systems which are to maintain backup of the data in the corporation. The first of them is the own suplementation of backup utilities in PowerShell scripting language using its function of data importation concerning performed backup into Microsoft SharePoint information system. In the next part of the work there is described utilization of the Open-Source Bacula backup system. </td>]
[<td>This work deals with the implementation built-in(embedded) devices that can connect to Ethernet networks. Device allows the use SNMP to remotely read electronic states of sensors attached to the unit Poseidon. Device also allows you to read any SNMP messages via Ethernet network. Part of this work is a detailed description of the hardware and part is description of the software including documentation. Solution is used for the Charon 2 Development Kit from HW group s.r.o. that includes Atmel\\\'s ATmega128 and Ethernet controller Realtek RTL8019AS.</td>]
[<td>This implementing work is addon to my bachelor work Solar system simulator. Work dealed with implementing Java program, that computes and displays positions of space bodies in solar system using orbital elements. This work should eliminate major limitations of original program and extend it. Main idea will be in creation of new physical model. I will be also engaged in possibility of downloading orbital elements via internet. It should simplify manipulation with program. In addition controls and graphical interface  will be improved. Content of this work is then analysis of original program with improvement sugestions. Then will be theory and important physical terms sumarized. In part dedicated to design I will describe tools, which I want to use for reach described functionality. This will be closely explained in part dedicated to implementing details. In the end I will try to verify correct functionality in testing part.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis concerns itself with design and implementation of an information system for agenda evidence of amateur motocross competition Vysoèina MX Cup. The main motivation step to create this system was present inconvenient way of evidence of cup organization data. The main purpose of this project is to increase work acceleration and efficiency, improve data quality and also reduce human and financial resources necessary for operation. The system will run in a form of desktop application based on the Microsoft .NET platform with usage of WPF technology and Microsoft SQL Server as a data store.</td>]
[<td>This paper contains a proposal and the implementation of the module for the processing of       UDP-Trap events from TCP/IP network and its integration in the Nagios open-source project.
The thesis focuses primarily on the correlation of events while including a proposal and implementation for their capturing, formatting, and graphic presentation.
The result is a module that can be used optionally to enhance the functionality of the Nagios system with event capture and correlation, including graphic presentation.</td>]
[<td>This work is dealing with server administrator routine processes automation in a real company. At first, the processes are analysed and after that scripts for their automation are designed and implemented. A graphical user interface is created over the scripts.</td>]
[<td>OpenPhone is an information system which enables companies to symplify accounting of employees’ private calls made from company’s phones. This activity is ordered by the law. System uses detailed lists of used services as an input. Employee marks private calls and system automaticaly counts the total that is necessary to be paid by employee. Using bank account statement the system gets information about incoming payments and assigns them to generated employee’s bills.
This Bachelor\\\'s Project implements PhoneParser module, that takes care about reading data from detailed lists of used services, converting them into object structure and passing them to application core.
</td>]
[<td>The main focus of this thesis was to find an acceptable content management system, which would have covered requirements of community centres. An analysis of requirements was made and an acceptable content management system was chosen. Usability of this application was approved by case study and user tests. The application was partly translated to czech and an instalation guide and an user guide were created. This application allows community centres to manage and publish their created pages.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project deals with design, implementation and testing of a multiplatform (Windows and Linux) graphical user interface for the OpenVPN program. In contrast to similar GUI this one supports management of either VPN client and server, supports routed and ethernet bridging modes and includes a system for automatic distribution of certificates and network settings.
This solution described here encapsulates usage of the OpenSSL program. In combination with OpenVPN it has an ambition to become a good alternative to using other VPN solutions.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the implementation of on-line accommodation booking system based on provided analysis. The first part contains analysis of technologies, that are suitable for implementation of interface for landlords, which is primary focused on bookings. In the
second part is located description of implementation, that is based on technologies selected in the first part. Application provides interface for landlords primary focused on bookings. This interface complys default analysis.</td>]
[<td>Email communication is an everyday aspect of our lives. Unsolicited email messages, which are often called spam, are an obtrusive phenomenon that has not been solved yet. The goal of the thesis is to contribute to the fight against spam. An overview of the emailing infrastructure, email network protocols, and email standards are provided. A list of email attributes that might allow for identifying spam is presented. An application that can collect and evaluate the attributes by reading data from an email server is proposed, implemented, and tested. Through a cooperation with the company Seznam.cz, a.s. real email data have been gathered. The data have then been analyzed with help of the devised application and machine learning tools. Based on the attribute values gained from the data, patterns typical for spam messages are identified and described. Performance of various classifiers on the data is measured and discussed at the end of the thesis. Attribute values of the gathered data and source code of the application can be found on the enclosed disk.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dealing with capturing motion in the real world and transferring it into a virtual reality, especially with the use as a controller for computer games. It~analyzes different types of sensors and their principles. Furthermore it examines modern console gaming systems, their controllers and games that use them. In~the implementation part, the goal was to create a simple game which uses motion capture as a controller and evaluate its usability by testing it on users.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to design and implement a client-server application providing an access the corpus manager Manatee. Application makes use of advanced web technologies, especially AJAX allowing desktop-like control of the user interface in the first place and other allowing amongst others localization to several languages, easy modification etc. JNI API is used as a mediation layer between the application and the corpus manager. Client side is based on Google Web Toolkit. Thesis focuses on design and implementation of a server-side component called Process Manager. It is responsible for efficient request (query) handling and evaluation using the Manatee library JNI API.</td>]
[<td>This work describes implementation of mathematical model of data validation, designed for company CSAD SVT Praha s.r.o. Data for validation are supplied by bus operators involved in clearing conducted by SVT. Implementation of the model creates an early-warning
system, which then tracks when and what data volumes are supplied by the carriers. If the system finds out that a carrier did not send sufficient amount of data on time, it sends a notification. The system uses the warning to try to safeguard the carrier’s interests, because
missing data mean a financial loss.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to finish analysis made in the bachelor thesis of Filip Havlícek: Online accomodation booking system for information centres [5] and to implement the part of this system which is responsible for providing recent data about occupancy for both human and remote systems. This thesis also contains background research of technologies needed for the implementation and information about testing of the software product.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and the implementation of the standardized XML-based document management system. Its main target is to allow document management with regard to the semantics.

The thesis consists of three parts. The first part is concerned with a system design. It describes its functionality via a layer model and deals with the system architecture design as well. The second and main part of this thesis solves the system implementation in the Java programming language using external libraries. The last part contains the system documentation which consists of the user manual and the developer documentation of source code.</td>]
[<td>Hypercube-based NEAT (HyperNEAT), is a generative encoding that evolve artificial neural networks (ANNs) with the principles of the widely used NeuroEvolution of Augmented Topologies (NEAT) algorithm. HyperNEAT algorithm is especially suited to solve problems like multi-agent learning, controlling robots, checkers board evaluation etc. The goal of this project was to implement HyperNEAT in C and take the advantage of potencial of Cell Broadband Engine. Work also contains XOR experiment and 1D visual task experiment and comparison with existing implementation HyperSharpNeat By David B. D’Ambrosio. The proposals of another optimisations for Cell processor are also mentioned.</td>]
[<td>The thesis focuses on the problem of generating random and pseudorandom numbers.
Several algorithmic generators as well as several generators based on physical phenomena
are shown. One generator is then selected and implemented using the AVR Butterfly demo
board. The implementation is then gradually improved for faster random number generation.
In order to check the quality of the generator, the thesis furher deals with randomness
testing. We describe the approaches to randomness testing as well as individual tests from
a test suite that is applicable to pseudorandom and truly random number generators. Individual
modifications of the random number generator implementation are tested and the
corresponding results are discussed.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to analyze, design and implement an application allowing web access to linguistic corpora managed by pre-existing Manatee back-end.
The thesis opens with a brief introduction to corpus linguistic. Description of current state of corpora access follows including related issues. Main part of the thesis focuses on analysis, design and implementation of user interface and integration with a Process Manager.
Process Manager is a component responsible for CQL request handling. This component is developed simultaneously by Jan Hána in his master thesis. The thesis is concluded with performance measurement and comparison with the original applications. </td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis is solving managing of large amount of data in web environment on Google Web Toolkit (GWT) platform and Java. The thesis searches for pros and cons of existing solutions and proposes own variant aimed for simple integration into existing projects and extensibility for special use cases, using standard tools of GWT framework and meta-modeling using reflection. Furthermore the thesis describes GWT framework, it’s basic and advanced capabilities.</td>]
[<td>add later</td>]
[<td>The objective of the project was to develop UIProtocol client for Apple iPhone, able to communicate with UIProtocol server using UIProtocol, a standardized language for describing user interfaces. Such client has not yet been developed for mobile devices, because they are unable to run applications written in commonly used programming languages. Recently, Adobe extended its product Adobe Flash to mobile platforms, which allowed development of UIProtocol Client for Apple iPhone, one of the first Flash applications for iPhone and most other mobile devices.</td>]
[<td>We have to find an algorithm, that establishes a connection between two separated clusters of antennas. Single antenna modules know nothing about count and locations of other modules. We just know, that there exists a second cluster, that is reachable by a beam-formed signal from the first cluster and vice versa.
The theoretically designed protocol must be tested, so we have to develop a simulator, that demonstrates an algorithm flow. A visualization of networks and their beam-formed characteristics would be useful as well, to have a visual control of a given problem solution.</td>]
[<td>Using supervisor’s instructions implement library in language Java for preprocessing of time signals for data mining. The library should allow the signals to be divided into sections with same length; extraction of basic signal attributes (e.g. minimal, maximal amplitude in section, Fourier coefficients, eventually wavelet transformation) and data export in simple text format (CSV). As an addition to the library implement and integrate simple graphical user interface into FAKE GAME project.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor’s thesis “Translator ADATA to XML” is created as a part of a project focused on Assembler programming language programs visualization, debugging and comprehension. Presentation of developing and debugging assembler programs under z/OS operating system on mainframe computers and also introduction of a program written in C++ language used as an interface between the source code in assembler programming language and its further processing is a subject of this thesis. Program included in this thesis reads binary file, produced by assembler compiler, called ADATA and transforms it into XML format output suitable for further processing. Neither this bachelor’s thesis nor the program included are trying to interpret or explain the meaning of information included in ADATA file, however on different examples it shows the meaning of the translation itself for better understanding of this work.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with questions of computation numerical methods using video card and subsequently compares running time of tasks on standalone CPU and with GPU used. For comparison of run time two methods were implemented - linear interpolation and Lagrange polynomial interpolation. Tasks were programmed in C language for CPU and in CUDA for GPU.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to explore typical requirements of distributed application client. Based on those and the requirements which were given by the customer, the goal is to create a server application capable of providing parallel access of multiple users to the shared persistent data storage. This application is built upon Java programming language, relies on RMI transport protocol and uses Hibernate framework for persistence.
The system which was created meets the customer’s criteria in functionality, security and performance. This thesis describes the methods utilised during analysis and implementation, motivation leading to choosing particular solutions and clarifies the procedures which were used during the process.
Parts of this thesis are the complete source code, documentation, table values measured during the testing and compiled version of the application. All these materials are located on the enclosed CD.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is the analysis and design of network applications for managing and organizing work. First are analyzed client requirements, which are transformed into UML diagrams, and then transferring them to design models. The work emphasizes the use of multi-layered architecture that makes it easier to add new components to an already established application.
To develop this application is used Hibernate framework, which is used in a persistent application layer. This allows us to convert the generated classes to a relations diabase and back.</td>]
[<td>In Motol Faculty Hospital in Prague a new examination of balance centre of the brain is being prepared. During the examination, patients are sitting on a special rotating chair. Their eye movement signal and driving signal of the chair are recorded. For healthy patients both signal should be similar and should have the same frequency spectrum. However there are eye movement corrections called saccades in the signal. Saccades make direct application of fast Fourier transformation for obtaining frequencies unsuccessful. The goal of this thesis was an implementation of a user friendly application for signal reconstruction from the special rotating chair. Whole process of signal reconstruction was successfully automated using a new universal model for neural network. A large part of the thesis presents also artificial intelligence currently used for signal processing. Various methods for time-frequency transformation are discussed.</td>]
[<td>This text is a documentation of the Information portal for University students which allows students have all interesting information available at one place.

My DB thesis is divided into several parts. In first part I explain used technologies, the preliminary study with the summary of the present state and the study follow. Analysis of the solution and the solution is mentioned in next chapter. Last chapters contain information on the system implementation and testing. The installation of the Information portal including documentation is available on the enclosed CD.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>My bachelor\\\'s thesis emphasizes the implementing issue of IPv6 protocol in the National Technical Library - middle sized academical institution. The thesis examines actual implementation of protocol IPv6 at the generally available 
operating systems, hardware and network services. The implementation section of the thesis is dealing with process of introducing the IPv6 from the moment of getting addresses and connectivity provided by CESNET, over installation 
and configuration of the servers to the routine operation and duties. At the end of the implementation process, there is a final overview, concerning pieces of knowledge and proving test of functionality.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to familiarize readers with the technology used to manage business processes. It
includes both the theory, which introduces different languages and frameworks for defining and
managing business processes, and practical part – implementation of a system for launching and
managing the operating system scripts. The aim is to choose the most appropriate of these frameworks
to implement the system.
The system should provide a User Grafical Interface for the user to model his scripts execution schema.
The generated schema should be executable by the application server. Running processes and
monitoring the status of the process execution should be possible using a Web browser.
After reading this work, the reader should have good knowledge of the framework that has been chosen
to address this challenge. He should be able to perform basic tasks with and understand the principles
on which this framework is built.</td>]
[<td>The goals of this thesis are to design and create a wiki which will provide general functionality related to this kind of web site to users. Uniqueness of our solution will be in the way of the wiki deployment. The wiki will be developed and distributed as an application component which would be fully integrated into an existing application. Wiki will be designed in order not to influence the behaviour of an application where wiki will be deployed. Visual aspects of the wiki will be adaptable to the appearance of a web site where wiki will be embedded.
 
Content of this thesis will be focused on creation of JSF UI components which we will extend to have the ability to contain application logic and database access. In the thesis we will propose summary of solutions related to the extending of JSF framework. We will acquaint the reader with issues following from concurrent life of two applications in one runtime.</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to description of an application used for the support of production planning and scheduling. It is an interactive Gantt chart, which can be adjusted via a web interface. This application will be used for production planning in a company STYL Plzeò. Interactive Gantt\\\'s chart allows users to easily work with the production schedule and due to deploy a global Web-based repository of all data, it can be used from any location.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is analysis, design and implementation of web information system for generating dynamic forms for internal evaluations of periodical campaigns (i.e. projects, customer satisfaction, team-building, etc.).
The users should be able to quickly create evaluation forms based upon predefined campaigns and send these forms to evaluators, so they can process the complete evaluation.
The system will be developed using the Java Enterprise Edition technology and Oracle technology will be used as the main data storage.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with the implementation of the web based booking system, more specifically the section of price management of individual acomodation facilities. This work refers to the analysis made as a part of another bachelor\\\'s thesis. This document contains description of the whole process, from completion of the analysis, through technology study, design and implementation, to software testing.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with problems of e-mail communication visualization. The thesis is divided into
three parts. The first part analyses existing tools and libraries for visualization of communication in
general, then focuses on tools and libraries for visualization within the context of communication in
social networks and e-mails. The second part deals with the testing of chosen tool and its
assessment. In the conclusion is discussed general design of system for e-mail communication
visualization using 3D space.

Keywords: visualization, communication, e-mail, social network</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is suggestion of patient information system based on individualisation of dosage to the patient and its effectiveness. The intention of this work is create a module that would dosage of drugs to a specific patient. Analyzed and subsequently implement streamlining proposal for a new dosing regimen patient by measuring drug concentrations in blood plasma of patients in the calculated optimal times.
The module will be implemented as part of a program for determining drug dosage (MwPharm) with whom it will share a database of drugs and their parameters. The module will be based on the calculation of sensitivity analysis of parameters of drugs and determining the optimal times of plasma samples to determine the actual concentrations used to refine the model. Furthermore, the module will be used to calculate confidence intervals for selected times. The module also allows the calculation of confidence intervals for a user-defined times.
Commercial type of this modul is used by hospitals to identify, control and more effective dosage for patients with severe liver and kidney. The output of this work has practical applications in medicine.
</td>]
[<td>This Diploma Thesis deals with the proposal and implementation of the school information
system according to the requirements of the Primary School in Valeè. The work also
includes the part dealing with the comparison of best-known commercial solutions within
the Czech market. The implemented system will be used for the school management, staff,
pupils and their parents as a tool making the work more effective and enabling the access
to information.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is dedicated to human-machine voice interaction, that augments conventional visual-based interaction. The two kinds of interaction are expected to converge in near future in order to provide next-gen user experience, that mimic human-human interaction. Voice driven apps are friendly to visual inpaired users and claim minimal hardware requirements to a client device -- a mobile phone is fully sufficient. Tomorrow\\\'s mobile phones offer many advanced features such as GPS receiver, 3G Internet and large displays offering clear view. Mobile phones are about to become cheap, gifted and highly mobile next-gen services enabled terminal. They will become everyone\\\'s gateway to information handled by both speech and visual. Next-gen services will dominate future markets, claiming users\\\'s attention by offering smart functions based on user\\\'s location, preferences. These services will reach human-like interaction soon and redesign today\\\'s user interaction guidelines.

Unfotunately, voice apps design \\\\&amp; development is still rare in Europe. Therefore, voice enabled applications are slowly adopted by users. Todays user-computer design guidlines are visual oriented, visual and voice design have few in common. This thesis proposes a unique architecture to enable voice interaction to any third party\\\'s application without explicit knowledge of voice design. The aim to accelerate adoption of voice interaction by software developers to make it widely available.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of new GUI for data-mining application FAKE GAME. At first there are explored similar applications, and based on these results, first designs are created. Each version approximates to the final concept, which has all required properties. The result is tested and compared to currently used GUI.

Simultaneously this thesis considers with other possibilities of access to FAKE GAME application. First of them is the access using web application, which is also designed and partialy implemented. The second possibility uses web services.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis deals with finding ways how to compare software projects in Java programing language. Next task is to create an instrument that can make the comparison and compare NetBeans and Eclipse IDE by it.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to describe and implement the application framework Seam. The term framework is explained in the first chapter. The reasons of the development of the special framework type, so-called integrative framework, are mentioned. The detailed description of the Seam follows. The second part is focused on the design of the development environment. The third part illustrates the steps of the prototype application preparation, in which the framework Seam is utilized. The last part compares the Seam and other similar products and defines the target domain of the framework Seam.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, development, implementation and testing of orienteering competition management system which uses electronic system SPORTident for collection of competition data during race.
Application provides automatic data processing and cooperates with competition entering system OB Haná. System, which will be created SQL database, will be able to run over will be written in Java language, will be build on network in multiple instances and will take advantage of existing solutions as much as possible (for example to communicate with system SPORTident). Application will be written as free software (open-source) and will be able to run on multiple platforms.
</td>]
[<td>Databases are a very important part of contemporary applications, both large scale and embedded. The goal of this work is to implement a simple data storage, oering basic operations over data in a robust environment, and to design an API suitable for general usage. The work also fully describes the details of the implemented database design, as well as concerns of the implementation phase itself. The work also provides comprehensive overview of techniques used in database development.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this work is to study and to test the ADOP processor and to prepare the working instructions for students. That means to prepare the records for students to be able perform experiments with this pocessor and to test how the ADOP handles with periferies.
The result of this work should be a sucesfull application the ADOP processor in teaching process.</td>]
[<td>Work deals with aspects of application development for Microsoft Surface device that connects the possibilities of browsing Web content and a revolutionary user interface that target platform provides. Apart from application development itself, there are also described generally applicable difficulties and specifics of creating software for this interesting computing system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes a design and evaluation of booking system for a provider of holiday
apartments and villas in Europe called Interhome. The main objective is evaluate existing
system, identify diferences, and present some possible alternatives and new technologies to
improve the existing system in this company. The given solution of the designed system is
build on the top of a relational database using Java Enterprise Edition (JEE5) and ORM.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of the system for opening and closing the
henhouse-door. It is driven on the basis of the change of lighting during a day. The system
is resistant to random changes of lighting caused by people or nature powers. If an sensor
error is occurred, the system is able to continue in work thanks to internal clock.
This work is implemented in mildly modied development kit AVR Buttery from Atmel
corporation, which contains microcontroller ATmega169.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, I am describing analysis and implementation of a complex web application
for time management. This application consists of calendar, tasklist and data management
component. For better time management it is important to store your events and tasks in one
place. Concept of this application was based on information gathered from extensive research
of other similar applications. The aim was to merge the best qualities of these applications.
My application is written in PHP 5 with MySQL database with extensive user of JavaScript
for ergonomic user interface. Users of this application are able to create calendars with events,
tasks divided into projects, make notes of their thoughts and ideas and attaching documents
to their tasks and events. Users are also able to share their content with each other.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this implementation type of work is to create a graphical user interface to forensic analyzer which is
in development by the computing department on CTU FEE. This graphical user interface should lead the investigator 
through the whole process of analysis. It is demanded to have the ability to show views of a large amount of file types. 
Making forensic analysis available to a wider group of investigators is the major motivation issue which is leading to 
fulfill this project.</td>]
[<td>The focus of this work is to coordinate and define the rules for design and implementation of a new service center project for Studentova berlièka. Furthermore, this thesis deals with the way of linking of external modules with a new functionality for project Studentova berlièka. The method of interconnection is based on web services. The text describes the web services, through which it will be possible to remove the shortcomings of the current version of project Studentova berlièka. Web interface will ensure easy portability of the information system on mobile platforms and ergonomics for the further development of the system.</td>]
[<td>The focus of this work is to coordinate and define the rules for design and implementation of a new service center project for Studentova berlièka. Furthermore, this thesis deals with the way of linking of external modules with a new functionality for project Studentova berlièka. The method of interconnection is based on web services. The text describes the web services, through which it will be possible to remove the shortcomings of the current version of project Studentova berlièka. Web interface will ensure easy portability of the information system on mobile platforms and ergonomics for the further development of the system.</td>]
[<td>The student must learn the Software Cost Estimation Model COCOMO and describe the principles behind the model and cost drivers of the model.
He will also study and analyze source code of popular open-source projects, both small and large in scale. He will gather software metrics data for these projects applying software metrics tools and the project history data analysis.
Using both the COCOMO model knowledge and the real-world data gathered by open source projects analysis, the student will compare result calculated by COCOMO model to the real world data. The design and implementation of a COCOMO software tool is also part of this bachelor thesis. The tool will be used in analysis and must support the Basic and Intermediate COCOMO models.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on standard IEEE 802.11 abgn and security risks in common wireless networks. I will try to exploit known security holes and infiltrate test wireless network. I will describe attack metods and also defense against them. I will focus on using mobile devices to attack a network.
</td>]
[<td>This document deals with the design and the implemention program monitoring and controling of microvawe communication, running on the operating system GNU/Linux. The size of program must be small becase of the limitations of the equipment embeddech memory size and CPU performance. Part of this thesis contain a selection the appropriate Web server, the method of deposition recorded data and display them in the form of graphs and HTML pages.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this work is to design and implement reservation system suitable for use in computer school. Point is to find suitable combination of abas ERP modules based on this design and suggest modifications of the modules acording to needs of the compter school and than decide whether is better to implement the reservation system or modify the abas ERP modules.</td>]
[<td>Development of better regression models and classifiers is heading to usage of ensemble strategies, which combines its base models in different ways to create a better solution. My work is about using ensemble algorithms known for classification problems in regression and their implementation in FAKE GAME software. Concretely theese algorithms for both regression and classification: Bagging, Boosting, Stacking, Cascade Generalization and Cascading, Delegating only for classification. I am also presenting two new algorithms (Area Specialization and Divide), which are using new principle to create ensemble output. This principle is based on identification areas of data, where model has a good performance and using the model only in that area.

In this paper I am further examining usage of hierarchic ensembles, where ensembles can be used as base models of another ensemble. State space of that structures is so vast, that usage of some incomplete search technique is needed. For that purpose I have designed an evolutionary algorithm for evolution of tree structures.

Experiments, done on large scale of both artificial and real datasets, shows advantages of using ensembles and hierarchic ensembles on all data. Using this approach of optimalization of hierarchical ensembles, I have increased model quality up to tens of percents. </td>]
[<td>This work deals with the differences of database servers between MySQL and MSSQL, which are applied to the source program Adminer. This allows use of both database servers with the same user interface.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this paper is a description of the developing of company\\\'s organizational structure editor. The document discusses the general issues relating to use of organizational structure, through the comparison of technologies that can be used to implementation, to~ implement its organizational structure editor.

The reader familiar with this document a number of interesting technologies, such as OpenLDAP, Flex, PDF forms and Adobe LiveCycle ES system.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the realization of a hardware device that will allow easy retrieval of data from the Internet. Contains a description of the software libraries and documentation portions of facilities has been implemented. In this work are presented and discussions addressing various components of the device.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is to build an e-mail conference, which could be used as an alternative service to the service Yahoo! Groups, that is nowadays used by the translator group. The assigment was created because of a reaction of users to their e-mails, which were sometimes delivered late and messages that were written in Czech were hardly readable due to mismatch of Charset Encoding.


The free software Mailman (GNU Mailing List Manager) was chosen as a foundation. This is modular system, that supports extension of language set. The result of this project was built by editing the source code of Mailman.
</td>]
[<td>This work covers the complete analysis and partly the implementation of the presentation tier of a new part of an existing system. This extension enables users to make out, assign and accept tasks concerning the management of medical devices. First of all, one can read about the desired features of the application I am to extend for the new function. In the next section can be found the description of exact requirements for the planned extension, which is followed by its analysis and implementation descriptions. At the end is located the test plan and possible future development of the application in question.</td>]
[<td>Despite the fact that the functional programming languages are very old, they are still getting more familiar even to non-academic developers. This thesis is trying to familiarize the reader with OCaml language and the creation of interpreters for functional languages in general. On the example of simple language, which can be considered as a subset of OCaml, several interpreting techniques are demonstrated. It also includes the topics about type checking and type inference.

In the second part of this thesis a minimal core calculus for Java, that is known as Featherweight Java, is introduced. From the experience gained in the first part of this thesis, the interpreter for this language is created. Finally, small extension of Featherweight Java and new interpreter, which is now based on another approach, are developed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on method of solving covering problem which uses Lagrangean relaxation. Covering problem occurs in several fields of computer science, logic synthesis and reliability analysis. This thesis contains design and implementation of algorithm, that solves covering problem by exploring the problem space with using branch and bound method. Heuristic used for branching is based on Lagrangean relaxation. Behavior of algorithm is studied and algorithm’s efficiency is compared to AURAII. I have been given materials mentioned in the References. Final implementation of algorithm is integrated into program BOOM.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with spatial visualization of time series and their dependencies, stored in the universal repository for medical data, which had been formerly implemented at the Department of Cybernetics (FEE CTU).  In general, time series can represent any measurable physical quantity, yet – in the context of this thesis – physiological quantities like body temperature, heart rate, blood pressure or breath frequency are particularly considered. These can come for example from a power-plant operator training or training of any kind of dispatchers working at traffic-control headquarters or similar surveillance sites. Main outcome of this thesis lies in the design and implementation of a generic software component providing suitable visualization of aforementioned time series and facilitating expert decision-making of potential end users (training instructors, medical specialists).</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the area of ETL/ELT processes and data warehousing. It primarily focuses on ETL/ELT processes principals. Furthermore it explores basic characteristics of data warehouses as the most common usage of ETL/ELT processes. Finally it introduces Data Integration Generator and Kettle Pentaho Data Integration as practical implementations of ETL/ELT applications.</td>]
[<td>After a theoretical introduction to management information systems the thesis analyzes the
possibilities and shortcomings of the system VERSO by DERS. I also present alternative
tools and systems.
After that there is an analysis of the needs and demands of staﬀ at CTU for module which
supports managerial decision making in the study ﬁeld. The main part of the diploma thesis is
this analysis, design of statistical outputs and output interface speciﬁcations of the database
system KOS with its extension. The ﬁnal part describes the implementation of selected
outputs.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with testing pseudorandom sequences and implementation of spectral test as one of theoretical tests. Spectral test is implemented in C++ according to algorithm of D.E. Knuth as stated in The Art of Computer Programming. Thesis describes theoretical and empirical tests, testing of selected pseudorandom number generators with batteries ENT, Diehard and with spectral test and summarizes the results of tests.</td>]
[<td>XML Pipeline Processor (XPP) is a software for processing XML data and XML streams based on components connected into so-called pipeline. Individual functional components will perform basic specific functions and after processing passes data to next component in the pipeline. Inspiration for this method is Yahoo Pipes project and IBM DataPower technology.

This software loads, transforms, builds and saves XML data. Setup of processor is realized via Java Application Programming Interaface. Big advantages of XPP are pipeline processing of XML streams - which means fully pipelining approach. Every component is independent Thread. Among the basic transformation are getting part of XML tree, elements renaming, joining two or more element trees into one root etc. Output is XML data again.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals in first part with analysis of open source project FreeNetIS, the information system for community networks. It is used especially for management of users, finances and devices in computer networks. The analysis is done using UML language. In the second part
there is design and description of implementation of additional modules and functions for FreeNetIS. These modules are web page redirection, generation of configuration files, network supervision, backup of configuration of network devices and interconnection with GSM gateway for sending SMS messages.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my work is to develop a web service (WS) interface for FAKE GAME the report system. In the beginning, I will focus on the basic characteristic of the web services, their standards and the generic concept. In the next chapter I will describe what the FAKE GAME is and what it is for. Later you can find the implementation of web services for the report system. In the end of this document is a tutorial of how to use the web service interface for the FAKE GAME. After reading this work, the reader should be able to use the aplication using the web services and should be able to understand the basics of web services and their technology.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on implementation of application software for baterry charger set in a system based on mikrokernel of real-time
operating system FreeRTOS, evaluation of using FreeRTOS kernel for this type of applications and design of instructions for entire device.
The output of this work will be also four functional applications for several type of electrical converters which will together
frame the battery charger set for new electrical double-decked unit serie 671 for ®eleznièná Spoleènost Slovensko ZSSK tested in
laboratory as well as in the unit.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to examine the existing protocols and approaches to transaction processing in native XML databases.
Then to design and implement the transaction manager module for XML database ExDB. The module will provide support for transactions, paralel access and recovery. </td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to make a design and implementation of a communication analyser software in the PLC network on the Data-Link Layer of  protocol by Renesas company. A functional sample of the analyser is connected to PC through a USB interface. It is put together of accessible components by ZPA Smart Enegy Company. In the analytic part of the work I first describe Physical, Data-Link and Network Layers of PLC Network, then I go on with the description of PLC Node carried out with M16C/S Circuit. The main part of the work begins with the definition of the communication protocol between the PLC Node nad the PC, succeeded with the PLC modul firmware description. The work is finished with the description of Java application classes for PC.</td>]
[<td>This text concerns finding repeats in trees. It describes algorithms for construction of finite tree automata and for finding repeats, analysing these automata.
    It also presents a program that uses these algorithms for finding repeats in trees in XML files.
Such a program could be used for compression of these files.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes methods suitable for unconstrained optimization of real-valued functions.
Listed are both numerical methods and methods inspired by nature. We explain ideas behind these methods as well as their intended application.
Implementation of these methods in the JCool environment, which is briefly introduced, is explained and next we evaluate their convergence for different optimization tasks.
Tasks used for convergence evaluation were selected in consideration of objective comparison of methods and 
thus we introduced some widely used test functions to the JCool environment.
We observed and discussed parameter configuration of each method for these tasks and 
as a result set of recommended parameter values is presented together with detailed comparison of benchmarked methods.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to implement web application which enables users to create, rate and search for restaurants and other gastronomical facilities. Application also provides visual representation of those facilities on map. The implementation part which describes realization using Struts2 web framework and JQuery JavaScript library is preceeded with analysis of existing implementations, list of technologies chosen for realization and application design description.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is an implementation of a graphical editor, which is intended for 3D visualization of finite element meshes as well as their editation. The purpose of this program is to prepare the input data for the finite element method - a widely known method for numerical solutions of scientific and engineering problems described by partial differential equations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of application for managing personal finances. Application can manage incomes and expenses, identify in which areas the user gives his money, and not least also draw attention to the upcoming scheduled transactions (bills, payments from the employer, etc.)</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to create a tool for graphical modelling of business processes which are represented using BPMN. Primary characteristics of this tool are simplicity and diagram portability to other similar tools. As a file format for saving created diagrams is used XPDL.
In this work there are closely described the BPM notation, the process of requirements determination, problem analization, and implementation. There is also User manual for the application.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a brute-force attack on the PRESENT cipher. As a target platform
we use the COPACOBANA server which is equipped with Xilinx Spartan 3-1000. The work
is divided into introduction, description, analysis, implementation, testing and conclusion.
Proposal of the cipher unit and a description of the PRESENT cipher is situated in the analysis
chapter. The whole hardware is controlled by an application which was implemented in
Java language. The application is described in the analysis chapter and the implementation
chapter.
The result of this work is a functional implementation of the curcuit and a time estimation
of the attack for the imlementation on the COPACOBANA server and on a PC.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to analyze typical requirements and goals of intranet applications. Then design and implement PHP based web framework suitable as the basis for these applications. Framework makes use of advanced web technologies such AJAX, allowing desktop-like control of the user interface. Server part is based on Zend Framework. Client part is based on javascript library Yahoo User Interface. Then thesis introduce components for testing, user access control and UI components.
</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the 3D Solar System simulation project focusing on the real motion and physical appearance of its bodies. The paper is intended to form the first phase of a larger project, which will involve a broader simulation of the universe. The programme is therefore designed so as to facilitate further extensions and to allow for simple addition of new components. Emphasis is placed on the graphical representation, as this aspect is not usually given much importance in simulations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis contains documentation for the design and implementation of electronic shop with electronic. I´m using WebML methodology and tool Webratio. An important factor in program selection WebRatio is to validate this instrument in the development of real websites. Documentation contains all necessary parts, including initial studies, analysis of requirements and risks, the technology, implementation, testing and conclusion. In the implementation section deals with the implementation of the program WebRatio, this includes a website, attaching cascading style sheets and layouts of the components. The documents are also attached guide for the user and administrator.</td>]
[<td>Materialized view is an optimization technique, which joins advantages of tables and views together.
In fact it acts as a physical table and a view in one object. Access to it is as fast as to the ordinary table and
as the view it allows possibility to define some outlook over data. By the view is possible to define subset of data
and thus save sensitive data or by joining a few tables create subset of canned data which can be used for 
query optimalization.

The goal of this work is, depends on possibilities, to implement technique of materialized views to database PostgreSQL.
Because standard does not exist for this functionality, first of all this work describes the materialized view and
than implementations in chosen relation database systems. The gained knowledge serve as inspiration for realization
of this project.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is complete realization of microcontroler based device, which provides remote access to CAN bus. Ethernet type network is used here as the medium for the remote access.

This thesis produces whole device, from materials for hardware realization, to complete firmware, capable of duplex message transport. Creation of sample prototype is implied here too.

Developed device can be used in industries or robotics, as a part of communication network.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes emulation of video gaming system NEC PCEngine and implementation of basic functionality of the emulator, with focus on modularity and portability of source code. In first chapter we present system specification compiled from various sources, then existing emulators of this system are reviewed. Then we introduce basic ideas and algorithms used in our implementation. In last chapter we summarize our results and discuss options for further improvements, like adding support for other video gaming system emulators or user interfaces.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to create an applet for simulation of functions of selected binary adders for unsigned numbers. Thanks to the applet the interpretation of binary adders‘ functions will be more simple and understandable for the students.
The thesis also gives description of functions of selected binary adders.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about connecting the graphical display EL12864 to AVR microcontroller family. It contains comparation of current solutions and implementation of graphical and control library with minimal requirments for RAM memory, applicable in projects written in assembler or C language.</td>]
[<td>The ray tracing method is often cited as a future standard in real-time graphics and therefore is currently experiencing a surge of active research interest. This thesis goal is to demonstrate the viability of implementing ray tracing using programmable graphics processing units and compare the results of well known acceleration methods. For this purpose a ray tracing algorithm is implemented using one of the following acceleration structures: Uniform grid, kd-tree and Bounding volume hierarchy (BVH).</td>]
[<td>The aim of this Thesis was to get acquainted with and compare characteristics of
feely available tools for team cooperation on the Internet. The methods used when carrying
out this task were exploration, characterization and comparison of main representatives in
this category, i.e. the tools that help achieving efficient interoperability within working
groups and determination of main features by which individual products will be compared.
The first chapter of the Thesis briefly introduces the role of cooperative tools.
Chapter 2 contains tools classification with respect to usage and deployment. Chapter 3
describes individual tools and their specific features. Chapter 4 presents well-arranged
tables that help comparing different tool engines according to a set of specific
characteristic features and considers possible trends in future development of cooperative
tools.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to compare well-known and less-known data structures
to store sparse matrices and present parallel algorithms for matrix-matrix multiplication
on parallel architectures with distributed and shared memory.


Selected data structures and algorithms were implemented in programming language C 
using MPI and OpenMP libraries and tested on several high performance parallel computers.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of informational and
reservation system for usability lab. The final system provides functionality for
administration of projects, users and reservations and facilitates presentation for every
single project to public. The emphasis was put firstly on extensibility, lucidity and
usability of the system, which was proven by usability test.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is implementation of a NetBeans module supporting Groovy editor.
This will provide general instruct of implementing editor suport for new or existing languages in NetBeans IDE.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to explore and analyze the options of building a plugin for Eclipse IDE (3.x) and NetBeans (6.x) with regard to the plugin usage for accessing the E-WAIT test environment which is an environment simplifying building and testing algorithms.
The thesis describes building plugins for these two IDEs.
Another aim is to implement an Eclipse IDE extension for managing the structure of E-WAIT project. Implementation using the Java 5 platform makes use for example of the SWT technology which is a widget library and is part of the Eclipse project.
Requirements analysis, suggestions for building and description of the main implementation phases are also part of the thesis.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis intorduces and investigates general requirements for ideal voting system. It also disscuses usability of an electronic voting system and particular issues which can arrise during its design. In next parts it describes design and implementation of adequately secure voting solution which allows voting on Internet. Fully functional system, which aspires to fullfil all general and specific requirements gained from former investigation of the problem, is also implemented using Java programming language. It is than tested and evaluated based on formerly stated criteria. Whole solution consists of number of separate nodes controled by independent personnel. This thesis extends project elaborated within studies at Technical University of Denmark (DTU Lyngby).</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of software that will allow monitoring of battery discharging curves, printing important parameters and storing the measured data for later viewing. Software uses database for storing the necessary information about accumulators.
Software provides communication between the computer and special device for measuring the battery capacity. Data are received from device using the serial communication.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis concerns itself with design and implementation of an information system which will keep track of employee\\\'s worked time on specific projects in the ATFM Solutions company. The basic motivation to create this system was a present inconvenient way of capturing time. This work aims at increasing efficiency and pleasure of time capture and its subsequent analysis. Time usage can be recorded in two ways - either by using a web browser or by using time measuring desktop application. The system is built on the Java EE platform. Important technologies used for its implementation include Spring application framework and Stripes web framework.
</td>]
[<td>It´s necessary to control the entry of the program is correct by specific syntax. In the case that entry is not correct, the programmers want to know, where was the mistake detected and what kind of mistake it is. Program ANTLR is application, which solves this problem. This program can generate from specific entry file the classes, which can test some entry by syntax.
The goal of this project is implemented plugin to existing program, which can generate Smalltalk code. It´s must to rewrite the existing bìhové libraries to Smalltalk code to full functionality in Smalltalk programs. The next step is creating a new template for generating Smalltalk code. The result is executable file and Smalltalk bìhové library
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with reconstruction of 3D data. Reconstruction is realized with Continual Evolution Algorithm (CEA). Individuals are represented by objects in Constructive Solid Geometry (CSG). Relevant technique of CEA and CSG are introduced. Analysis of CEA and its relevant particular procedures application to 3D individuals represented in CSG are explained. Implementation of CSG in Java3D is described. The implemented algorithms were successfully tested on reconstruction of artificially generated noisy data and simple real interior data as presented in the experimental chapter.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on creating an analyzer of the Object Pascal
programming language (for the Dephi IDE), which will be used to check code
quality produced by each programmer of a team. It will allow to detect common
errors and check given rules.

The analyzer will contain a full parser of this language, mechanism for saving
and loading internal representation of the code, implementation of a few sample
checks and simple GUI. Whole analyzer will be written in Delphi too.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of whole project is the implementation of open source application Rails. This application has similar functionality as commercial solution conversant the train models control. This Bachelor thesis solves first part of this project – the implementation of graphic user interface. The application will be developed in C# language in Microsoft .NET. The main aim of this Bachelor thesis is the graphic library GDI which creates the basis of whole application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create a piece of software which will enable the user to analyze discrete signals using common computer devices such as the LPT port. This software should be modular so as to allow adding new hardware support and new data views. It also has to be portable to several platforms. The main contribution and objective of this product is to bring a free, powerful and highly productive piece of software to anybody who needs to do some analysis whether she is an amateur, student or anybody else who can\\\'t afford expensive special devices.</td>]
[<td>The result of this thesis is description of methods of implementation of support for selected tools of Microsoft Visual Studio for the Phalanger project. The thesis contains implementation of support for the Windows Forms Designer tool and Visual Studio debugger.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis represents the result of my painstaking work over the course of several months. For it was the first time I have been working with data warehouses, I had to devote a lot of time to the studying of the questions of data warehouses prior to the design and implementation of the data warehouse I was supposed to build. Firstly, the thesis summarizes the information gathered by studying the questions of data warehousing. The main part is composed of the description of the design process of the data warehouse and its implementation, which is followed by the tutorial on working with the designed data warehouse and the discussion of possible further development. Finally, the thesis concludes with the evaluation of the results and their comparison with given goals.</td>]
[<td>The target of this thesis is to integrate functions MediaWiki to AVC-ÈVUT web-system and also to distil the integration with web-system into MediaWiki system. AVC-ÈVUT system has to allow the correct display of articles saved in AWIKI system (MediaWiki) and has to allow the registered users to edit these articles without insertion their enter login script.
In the first part of this thesis we can find the analysis of AVC-ÈVUT system and MediaWiki with respect to the thesis target. The prescription and the details of solution are following. This thesis will be used also as the groundwork for installation of created enlargements to real system. Therefore the reference manual with the description of installation and the possibilities of new enlargements´s adaptation are also enclosed. The handbook also contains the basic instructions for installation of resultant interconnection of systems.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is intended for ones, who deal with web applications and/or for ones, who want to learn processes of their development using Oracle Application Express (aka Oracle APEX aka OAE). It also describes its user interface, sample applications, concept whereon is this
technology based on, including its merits and deciencies when in use for web applications
development. Whole text is supplemented with descriptive examples and pictures.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the design and implementation of server support, supporting the mobile devices with context intelligent navigation system. Server support includes communication interface between client and server, extracting map data from external sources (e.g. opensource OpenStreetMap), searching optimal paths in map data, which depends on current user context (vehicle, walk, etc.). During the search it is possible to get better results by connecting to information systems (e.g. traffic information, time tables, and so on). The client application periodically sends speed updates to the server, which is processing them into a speed statistics. These statistics are huge improvement to path searching algorithms. By doing so, the clients themselves update the map data for free.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I describe a creation of computer application called Project Elephant. It\\\'s a
single player game designed for musicians. Players have to play leading voice of a song while
computer plays accompaniment. Musician\\\'s precision of timing and intonation results in a
score. Significant part of the thesis is dedicated to the sound processing.</td>]
[<td>This work describes methods of model editing using point representation. It’s a design
document, whose purpose is to prepare the theoretical part for implementing an application
for point cloud editing. Mathematical functions for aligning points to a plane, an edge and
a corner, editing a point cloud using simple objects and working with curves for changing
the color components of an RGB model are described in this implementation. Moreover a
simple description of functionality of these processes and their work with individual points
is also explained. The point cloud itself is ordered and placed in an octree. A description of
building and changing the topology of this three is also included.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the use of evolutionary algorithms on nominal attributes encoding. It analyzes structure of the found encoding and the influence of encoding on the success of learning algorithms. It compares evolutionary encoding with the standard nominal attributes encoding methods using 1 of N encoding and interval encoding. Part of the thesis is also implementation of a plugin for Rapid Miner. This plugin uses evolutionary algorithms for encoding infinite number of nominal attributes.</td>]
[<td>The first part of the bachelor work contains the summarization of the essential teoretical knowledge of the embedded operating systems. The necessary explicandums and definitions are explained as well. The characteristic attributes are also mentioned. 
In the following chapters, the recherche study is done. The recherche study presents information of the architectures compatible, kernels descriptions, the ways of tasks executing, precedence control, stability margin, factor of safety. In some cases there are also mentioned even some more specific datas.  
The main vision of the bachelor work is the classification methodology project. Initial analysis, explication of algorithms defined by the most used classification methodologies and the final valorization of designed methodology is described in charter 3.</td>]
[<td>This thesis contains introduction to design pattern issues with focus on GoF and GRASP patterns. The next part contains description of basic terms of data mining with characterization of Fake Game and Weka apllications. Describes the most used methods of evaluation of data mining models and compares the former applications in this respect. Introduces current problems of Fake Game API and discusses possible solutions. The last part is a description of an integration of Weka evaluation module into Fake Game.</td>]
[<td>In the present work we study problems of generating uniform pseudorandom numbers, their features and qualitative comparasion of chosen methods. Essential properties are rate of generating, maximum period and statistic qualities.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor project is focused on the analysis of the information system for accommodation services by using the UML language. The software is intended for common panel of small hotels and guesthouses. The project deals with characterization the functionality of the software and examines which necessities it should support. Initially there is interpreted the exploration of present products in the Czech market. Then there are three basic blocks of analysis: The set of requirements, Use-case diagrams and Class diagram. To provide the complex information about the system there are other texts and diagrams in the project.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to create an applet, which visualizes function of serial binary multipliers for unsigned numbers and for numbers in two\\\'s complement notation. Thanks to final applet it will be simpler to interpret function of binary multipliers to students. The thesis also deals with description of function of binary multipliers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the problem of controlling electronic devices using SMS messages. As the result of the study of this problem, a remote controlled room thermostat is implemented. A simple embedded platform with an Atmel prcessor based on the AVR Butterfly is designed and subsequently programmed in the C language. Parts of the program dealing with communication using SMS messages are portable to other platforms and reusable for controlling devices other than thermostats.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis implements system for detection of plagiarism with GUI. This system should help teachers with checking homeworks from programming in JAVA on plagiarism. This thesis uses for checking opensource application \\</td>]
[<td>The goal of the Bachelor thesis is simulation of frontal car impact to deforming barrier in the programming language VRML. Between parameters of simulation will be belong car speed, using airbags and the class of tested vehicle. The work should be unikate visualization
instrument for example used for presentation of crash-tests. It should be credible copy of real tests.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis is an extension of the original publications database, which I designed in 2006 in order to save publication documents and consequently to search and format the publication references. I focus on improving the user interface and the implementation of new features such as fulltext search,  export/import to BibTeX system, managing user rights, etc. This thesis also contains a discussion about the option of using already existing systems and their comparsion with the aplication implemented by myself.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is a comparation of tools for metadata extraction from documents, in particular from PDF documents and integration of a selected library into DipRep - a system for archiving thesises at CTI.
The result of this work will be a expansion of the DipRep system on the metadata extraction, which will then be prefilled int the formular when entering new works.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this work is the design and implementation of a supportive decision-making and control supporting software system of data acquired from information instruments of a middle-size or large company. It is intended mainly for management and analytics workers who can better understand the internal data based on this information and make the decision about their further use. It should support the controlling activities, analyses, to expose possible risks of funding abuse, support of funding and strategic management. The theoretical part of this work focuses on definition of IT terms, business intelligence and concept of information systems development. The analytic and implementation part explains mainly selection of suitable tools for developing the application and description of the most important part of the designed system. The last part of my work shows results from testing of the implemented application. </td>]
[<td>This work contains requirments for simple internet presentation of small village, which are
deklare in law about a free access to information and as well posibilities how to infrom wider
area of people about culture live in village. Implemented system conbines these two parts
into one interactive, free available and easy to install application. The simplicity in all the
ways means, that anyone, who has a basic PC knowledge, can administrate the presentation
and keeps the presented information actual. Work includes deployment manual for creating
new domain and connectiong with application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is dealing with design and implementation of the tool for amplitude and phase frequency analysis of electronical circuit containing linear components. Tool shows resulting characteristics of analysis in graph and alows to export data to file in CSV format for next processing in table processors.

This tool contains the editor of schemes of electronical circuits. The editor is able to create and edit schemes and archieve them in appropriete form for analysis. The file with scheme of electronical circuit is saved in XML format. </td>]
[<td>Work deal with isue of usage SVG graphical vector format in mobile devices. There is theoreticaly analyzed several ways, how to solve partial problems while rendering abstract graphics form on real 2D display.
Resuilt is library in C++ language (for SymbianOS), which allows usage of SVG in any SymbianOS application.</td>]
[<td>Today, when internet gains every day ten thousands of new users employing more and more network applications, data security of information systems becomes almost critical task.  Purpose of this work is to project and implement an access control module for experimental database system ExDB. This subsystem must be able to handle not just authentication but what\\\'s more important, authorization of requests generated in ExDB and be as flexible as possible.
Native database management systems, which ExDB belongs to, are quite different from the traditional relatinal or object-relatinal ones. That\\\'s why different attitude must be used to secure such data. This work describes progressively development of such module. A short introduction of this thesis is followed by identification of requests for intended module and by recherche of this problem in existing implementations of similar systems. Based on these data, a solution is successively designed and implemented.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis discusses development possibilities of Java desktop applications using frameworks. Framework benefits for modular application development are explained and sample modular application for downloading files from remote servers is implemented.
The first section describes some contemporary possibilities of application development and is mainly focused on the concept of modular applications.
In theoretical portion of the thesis, freely available frameworks for desktop application development (NetBeans RCP, Eclipse RCP, Swing Application Framework) are discussed and their benefits are described. Moreover, the thesis deals with a comparison of modular application frameworks (Java Plugin Framework, OSGi, NetBeans module system). The most important differences are explained in the samples.
Design and implementation are described in the next part of the thesis, along with a deeper analysis of an application model for downloading files from remote servers.  Also, the related technology and a description of the various parts of application implementation (e.g. plugin creation and updates).
The fourth part deals with usability tests of implemented application in a usability laboratory setting and evaluates the results.
In the last part, achieved results are discussed and future improvements are proposed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses open source SIP client application primarily designed for Microsoft Windows functionality extension. It contains SIP protocol principles description and synopsis of services deliverable via this protocol. Part of this thesis is research on available open source SIP clients matching requirements for functionality extension. These extensions are determined based on a best-suit available client analysis. Stated extensions implementation description together with its testing follows.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the possibility to create uniform interface for current network nodes information. The solution includes connecting to the network nodes, retrieval of the data and conversion of the data to unified output format. The work is mainly concerned with suitable software architecture and system interface design. Special care is taken about system extensibility. Access control for various parts of the system is being considered.

REST design pattern was chosen for the solution. The interface was designed so that working with this interface should resemble working with common files on conventional web server. In order to accomplish required extensibility, system has been decomposed into small components of several types (connectors for connecting to network nodes, data parsers for retrieved data processing and others) with precisely defined interfaces. Authorization has been realized using role-based access control (RBAC). Functional system comes up as result of this work.</td>]
[<td>Target of this work is to introduce the Eclipse development enviroment to reader. It starts with general description of this tool and continues with description of settings and control tools. And it ends by description od teplates\\\'s and plugins structure.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is to transfer web page into the voice form and into the mobile phones. Mobile phones have insufficient possibilities to convert text into sound, and therefore the project is divided into server and client part. The server part is meant to provide the conversion itself, whereas the client part displays and plays the articles on the mobile device.</td>]
[<td>In the framework of this thesis I become familiar with the UIProtocol. I described the major characteristics of the protocol and designed its implementation based on the Flash platform. UIProtocol is a communication protocol designed for definition of smart household user interfaces. In this work support for UIProtocol for mobile devices supporting the Flash platform was implemented. The correct functionality was verified by comparison test with UIProtocol reference implementation in Java language.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I describe a creation of GPS Game called Catch&amp;Run. It is a multiplayer game running on mobile devices connected to the internet. Players can see each other on the map and when they get close enough, the chase starts. They are rewarded for their performance by virtual money. This game is an example implementation of service for Locify framework, which is also described in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with design of parsing XML protocol UIProtocol which describes user interfaces, properties bound to these interfaces, and defines event handler logic for these interfaces. Parsed and loaded interfaces are then generated and sent to web browser. During this process bound properties are loaded and set and event handler logic is also generated. AJAX technology is used for dynamic change processing.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the Caffeine programming language - an experimental object-oriented programming language designed specically to address the problem of representation exposure. Its main idea is to combine the envelope/letter idiom with immutable classes. As a result, Caffeine provides the same level of safety from representation exposure as functional languages while keeping the advantages of imperative style of programming style. The thesis contains the description of the language, the discussion of design rationale and a prototype implementation of the language.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to describe a development of a web application, which is instrumental to creating and managing petitions in human resources questions in the hospital of Èeská Lípa. It should replace an ineffective system of classic-paper forms manual filling and sending in the hospital. The web application should provide to the users more well-arranged and effective system of  submitting, approving and/or rejection the human resources petitions.

The text of the thesis contains a short introduction into the technology of Java EE and frameworks, whose funcionalities are explained on pieces of a source code of the application. Next, it pursues the analysis and the design of the application according to the method UP and the UML language. Then follows a description of  the implementation of the most important application´s sections from a point of view based on independent layers.

Finally, it describes a usability testing of the final application. The appendix contains i.a. an user guide in czech and a term dictionary.
</td>]
[<td>Thesis generates visual representations of search nondeterministic pushdown automaton according to the specified parameters and a search pattern. These visual representations then allows to print or to export into a text editor TeX with the extension of GasTex.</td>]
[<td>Design and implement a web application in .NET for maintenance and
presentation of groups of persons. Web application will include content management
system functions, like content publishing management and users profile editing. The
web will change according to which user was signed in.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my thesis is to implement LBS application based on Bluetooth technology. The solution consists of two parts: development of a hardware device acting like access point and implementation of client application for mobile device. The hardware part must be autonomous i.e. it must be equipped with a controller and some memory. The role of the client application is to be mobile tourist guide using Bluetooth to download data from access point. The application is supposed to be as portable as possible.</td>]
[<td>This Thesis discusses a graph as a mean of a representation of logic functions. Every logic function in its disjunctive normal form is simply represented as an undirected cyclic graph where nodes act as terms and edges act as conjunctive variables of these terms. This structure can be used in computer processing of many tasks and some of them like a tautology question or an orthogonalization are described and confronted with existing methods in this document.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with comparative analysis of open-source web frameworks for J2EE platform. The work is divided into three main theoretical parts. The first part deals with a theoretical introduction and definition of used terminology, the second part is mapping the frameworks on the basis of their functional properties and the third part shows the gross comparison of these frameworks on the basis of features learned from the previous section. The practical part of the work is implementation of sample applications (a simple web blog) using analyzed web frameworks. </td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and implement web-based application for sharing images and texts with a specialization for cooperation in team.
The thesis is divided into few parts on the base of making software development from the beginning to the end on the base of UP (Unified Process) methodology. It is used UML (Unified Modeling Language) language for the analysis and the design parts. For the implementation part is used PHP (Hypertext Preprocessor) language in the cooperation with MySQL (My Structured Query Language).</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation algorithm which can find Contact Surfaces of Solid Objects.</td>]
[<td>This work makes efforts to introduce reader into the issue of creating three-dimensional environments and its usage in visualisation and simulation of the real events. In this case it is the simulation of the roller coaster. A reader should have some knowledge of programming in the Java language and creating environment in the OpenGL to fully understand this work. Along with this publication is provided the application created in the Java language with the help of Java3D API (Application Programming Interface).</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a design and implementation of a local network emulation tool applicable for network technology teaching purposes. The emulator exposes data on computers in a virtual network via SNMP protocol. It can create complex network topologies with its extensive configuration abilities, thus providing a laboratory environment aimed for SNMP and ICMP support. The design is modular and extensible so adding other protocols is simple should the need arise.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes design and implementation of a control software or intelligent
home. The major requirement is to minimize the energy consumption while
maintaining comfort of living. The result is described application extending the Amigo
intelligent home system. Graphical user interface is based on VantagePoint software.
Important part of the thesis is concerned with component, which simulates home
operation (including people) and generates time sequences of regulated units.This component
allows developers to quickly test designed control algorithms without the necessity
of deploying them on a real system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes analysis, design and implementation of application that provides functionality to play Texas Hold\\\'em, world\\\'s most popular variant of poker. Application supports multi-player game via computer network and implements artificial intelligence to play against computer players. These approaches can be combined so that a game can include both human and computer players. Application is then tested regarding user interface, program functionality and level of artifical intelligence. </td>]
[<td>The core of this diploma thesis is design and implementation of a special programming language based on C syntax, which is suited for the graph manipulations. Integrated development environment was created, it consists of a text editor for programmers, debugger and visualization window. The progress of the interpreted graph algorithm can be displayed using 3D graphics.</td>]
[<td>Document is interested in web technologies like DTD, CSS, XPath, DOM,
XSLT, RSS, RDF and SOAP.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with integrity constraints in databases. It makes efforts to introduce reader into the issue of databases, concretely in database systems based on SQL and XML languages. Along with this publication are provided the source codes for database creating and simple program for creating tables without knowledge of SQL and XML languages.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describe some methods used in today’s graphics formats. Special attention is given to data coding and to PNG format. I designed and implement modul adding better line prediction filters and arithmetic coding.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my work is to design and implement a visual programming tool for creating simple programs. The resulting tool should allow for the automation of specific processes by using an intuitive graphics interface, accessible even to inexperienced users.
Imagine a situation where you want the water in the pool to always have a specific temperature (e.g. ideal 20C). You can mount the thermometer to the pool, set your alarm for every 30 minutes, check the thermometer and take action (switching the heater on/off) based on the temperature.
Obviously, this process could be carried out without human direction. A simple program would handle this task too and turn the heater on or off in accordance with the output from the temperature sensor.
To work with the sensors, I have chosen a system of sensors called Phidgets. Phidgets is a set of very easily applicable building blocks for the measurement of various environmental properties (temperature, humidity, vibration …) controlled by computer. Working with Phidgets is very easy thanks to API, which the producer provides for free.
</td>]
[<td>Bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with design and implementation of measure sensor with signal processing and CAN interface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement an electronic ticketing system for public transport. The system will utilize a mobile phone with NFC technology to buy and store a ticket in such way that a ticket inspection will be easy. There also will be an interface for searching timetables in mobile application. The system should show an application of NFC technology in common life.</td>]
[<td>This work presents design and implementation of a gate for translation between two
networking protocols. The first is a common used standard SNMP and the second is
a protocol using XML format. The first chapters present technologies used by protocol and
presents proposed protocol himself.
In the second part of the work, there is an implementation of the gate and detail
description of this implementation.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to create a protocol for transfering picture, text and user input, and to demonstrate this protocol in a demo application. The aim is to create a protocol so that a suitable mobile phone serves as a client, and any compatible device with corresponding application serves as a server.

The result of the thesis is a protocol for client - server communication, which can be used above a Bluetooth technology. The protocol allowes server - client picture and text transfer and client - server user input transfer. The aim of the thesis is to create both a simple protocol and a client application, which can be applied anywhere, where there is a server.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis contains analysis, design and realization of SVG parsing library for Symbian OS operating system in C++ language. Intention of this thesis is to design and to implement effective library for parsing SVG files.</td>]
[<td>CloverETL is a set of data integration tools aimed for rapid development of data transformations.
The goals of this thesis are analysis and development of new extension for CloverETL. Extension is designed to generate data transformations, which are used for effective inserting of facts into a fact table of data warehouse. Extension contains a transformation generator and a supporting graphic user interface integrated into designer tool CloverETL GUI.</td>]
[<td>Data visualization is often neglected when a financial system is being developed. This thesis defined a pattern to abstract style and layout management and displaying of data in general. The Generic Layout Pattern provides design and technological guidance for developing rich clients for Web or Windows desktop environment with separated presentation. It is based on an analysis of visualization techniques applied in finance and at OTC, includes a design proposal of Generic Layout Module and recommends technological tools that should be used in its implementation. It was applied to a proprietary software solution, PAT, provided by OTC and user interface prototype was implemented. PATOne prototype\\\'s functionalities were benchmarked and it became the basis of the front-end for all future iterations of the PAT platform.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to analyse basic approaches to the problem of visualisation inner structure of complex 3D models and automatic generation of illustrations in real-time. Based on this analysis, design and implement own application, which will realise one
of these approaches.
</td>]
[<td>The work deals with design and implementation of a software tool for extraction of a model from source texts in the SystemC language, which is used in the industry for simulation of digital circuits. Contrary to other similar programs the structure of a hardware is extracted from the model which has been elaborated. Therefore even models constructed dynamically can be processed.

The primary output of the program is VHDL source code transformed from the input file in the SystemC language. The transformation of the extracted information, namely of the data types used, is driven by declarations in a user-specified configuration file. As the secondary outputs the program generates diagrams of the model structure. The diagrams may be found useful when studying an unknown circuit.

The syntax analysis of the input files is provided by modified GCC compiler, the program itself is written in the C++ language.
</td>]
[<td>Perimeter firewalls are devices separating a perimeter network (DMZ, internal network) and an external network (Internet) and they have to process all the communication between the networks. Large internal networks make high demands on data throughput with complicated filter policy (thousands of filter rules). It is necessary to check the rules integrity for a duplicating, overlaping or \\</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is to improve transport of application objects throughout a data
network. The goal, more particularly, is to increase speed at which these objects are transported.
The transport itself is taking place in the network of several servers owned by VirtuOz a
company which has chosen this subject. If no improvement could be reached, the objective is to
be changed to a brand new communication design.
</td>]
[<td>An efficient method of conversion of rich 3D data content from Virtual Old Prague project is searched for so that the exported data could be visualised and presented in Google Earth application. The conversion should apply the most effective ways of data presentation utilising the level of detail concept, thus maximising visual quality and speed of processing. 
3D data are exported into COLLADA and the database information storing models location and other related information is processed during the placement of files into Google Earth environment and stored as KML attributes of respective models. The level of detail concept used in Virtual Old Prague was not used for exported files because of a different approach toward this tool in the destination application.
The methods presented in this thesis are working, however, the visual quality of results needs to be improved by revamping or substituting the exporting tool and optimising the steps of models placement process. 
Also, it is to consider the quality and, especially, the nature of models - whether it is desirable to improve the existing models and export them the way described here or create brand new models within the intentioned environment with the possibility of using imagery and geometry of existing.</td>]
[<td>This work presents a new AIML interpreter written in the Java programming language. The
AIML language is used to write programs for conversation between humans and computers
using natural language. One of the main limiting factors for AIML based bots is the lack
of context they can handle, because the pattern matching algorithm described in the AIML
specication doesn´t scale well with an increasing amount of contexts. Using techniques
from automata theory a more compact and scalable character-based implementation of the
algorithm is described, implemented and compared to a word-based approach.
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis we are dealing with the communication between a personal computer and a~wireless sensor network. This network represents a sensor, which is filled with an operating system – TinyOS. The communication between the personal computer and the sensor is~based on a client-server architecture with the use of a protocol called XML-RPC. For the transform of datas serial interface is used.
The method suggested by us presents a way of communication with the sensor. It~enables to get and process datas from the sensor. Furthermore, it enables to send datas and thereby to operate the sensor and the whole sensor network. We have verified the communication by experiments and despite the limits, such as the size of memory and the output of the processor it showed satisfying functioning.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to analyze, design and implement the persistent and business tier of information system, which automate and optimize a maximum of processes related to functioning of theatre, with a view to a description of different implementation techniques when using application framework Spring. Implementation will use the Java programming language, concretely Java Enterprise Edition, which will except of mentioned Spring prop onself upon object-relation mapping framework Hibernate. Further framework Log4J will be used for logging the application and framework JUnit for testing.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with Information system of small company. The information system processes employee’s attendance records, jobs assignment and review of jobs in progress in the Geodetic Company. The system is written as a web application. The first part is an introduction to the basics of the theory of information systems. The second part describes design, implementation and results of the testing of the implemented web information systém.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is collaborative filtering for adaptive web. My aim is to learn about collaborative filtering algorithms, to find out, explore and describe services, that already use this kind of filtering in practice, to select a suitable algorithm for collaborative filtering and implement it as a software module in Java, and finally, to determine quality criteria and evaluate adaptation results.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement not only a library for visualisation of tree structures, but
even make it possible to trace a process of changes made in the tree. The project is divided
into two parts. The frst is a library core, without graphical user interface. It records performed
operations. The second part is graphical user interface capable of showing the results and export
created diagrams into fles in different graphics formats.
</td>]
[<td>Presented work is focused on analysis and implementation of mailing subsystem for Polarion ALM. 
Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) system is engine for easier team communication. 
Polarion ALM contains Issue Tracker which will be used as storage for incoming
emails. Workitem is data structure in Issue Tracker that can contain description,
comments and other useful fields for development. These fields will be filled by appropriate
data from email message.
The result of this work is separate module to Polarion ALM application which is
responsible for processing of incoming emails and their interpretation in Polarion ALM application
as workitems.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is a part of a ROBY project – racionalization and objectivisation of the education, which has goal to propose a compact system for commiting and controlling of student’s homeworks in the begginig courses of algorithmisation – that is where counts of students and their programs are highest and requirements for teacher’s time are unmanageable without some type of automatic control. Goal of this diploma thesis is to research already existing system for control on the KIV ZÈU, explore other possibilities and test their potentialities.</td>]
[<td>The web server Melouchari will find a niche in the manual labour market. Many people are skilful but they do not have the means to promote themselves. Establishing their own internet server is strenuous and time-consuming, and the website written by a layman is often more deterrent than attractive. If a craftsman finds himself a company to create the server, he will have to take considerable investment into account. That is the reason for Melouchari to be created. It offers a simple and cheap form of promotion for craftsmen. All it takes is to go through the registration, fill in his/her personal data such as name, address and what his/her field of work is, and possibly some photographs of the work itself. The whole project represents a significant simplification either for those who seek someone to do a job or for those who offer such skills.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with creation of the application which will be a useful helper for everyone who have problems with understanding of consecutions and algorithms at calculation of examples in linear algebra. Principle of the thesis is thus the program which will make possible to enter any supported type of examples and this example will be calculated including objective explanation of procedure. This application would be valuable asset for the education of linear algebra considering the large possibilities of coming spreading of the utility. </td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis is concerned with the issue of improving a project called Virtual Old Prague. Shows deficiencies of the original version and suggests potential solutions for the purpose of increasing compatibility of application. Special attention is paid to the readjustment of user interface and elimination of dependence on other programs. The last chapter refers to the method of creating new models and it also deals with a proper way of applying the given rules in order to create a model of particular part of Prague.</td>]
[<td>The result of my work is a toll for recognition of contour lines from loaded maps and
sequential digitizing the individual contour line. The application is semi-automatic;
therefore user’s interaction during the process of extraction of contour lines is needed.
The objection is to help generate territory modules of a land and overall digitizing of
certain documents. All work is implemented in programming language of Java.</td>]
[<td>The work is aimed at introducing the concept of virtual tables included with the SWT and SWT/JFace framework. It contains performance and ease of implementation comparison of SWT virtual, SWT nonvirtual and tables provided by the Swing framework. Table Measuring Application was designed and implemented for table performance benchmarks and is shortly described in the text. Results presented in this work provide information useful for choice of suitable data structure and optimal table implementation for intended application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses the possibilities of how to monitor activities, availability and perfomance of a corporate information system and implementation of the system of company Tipsport a.s. This thesis suggests an effective way to obtain and process records about performances and error activities IS and their clear presentation. In addition, it talks about possibilities of monitoring with help of accessible software and its use. The result of this work is a functional extension of the current information system, which allows easy viewing of efficient records and any possible errors of the system.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis theoretically investigates the principles of optimization methods and their application and it implements the method of conjugated gradients aimed at optimizing graphical objects for modelling real space. 
Firstly, previous works dealing with buildings\\\' interiors are compared. 
The theoretical part then describes basic optimization techniques, such as the method of the biggest gradient, method of conjugated directions and - most importantly - the method of conjugated gradients. 
Additionally, modifications of this method are discussed, together with its implementation and details about implementing supporting procedures. 
 Moreover, possible solutions and the representation of input data are analyzed and the optimization function is defined. The implementation is described together with the stages of algorithm development; used libraries are presented consequently.  
The constructed algorithms were tested both on generated data in two-dimensional space as well as on real data in a connection with a continual evolution algorithm. The optimized models are inserted into objects with an accuracy by 2.4 inferior to the acquisition of input points. By decreasing the requirements of the accuracy in the value of hundreds, the acceleration of the algorithm reaches even its multiple value.
</td>]
[<td>At first, this bachelor thesis deals with the web services in the complex view. It focuses on the main principles which are essential for the web services. Also, the existing concept of web services based on the grid technology is described. Then, the thesis is concerned with the FAKE GAME application. The main effort is to introduce the FAKE GAME application so that it could be used in the practical part of the thesis. At the end, a possible concept of web services relating to the FAKE GAME application is described.</td>]
[<td>The Photoblog Limo jo serves as a free internet solution for storing photos order by a date 
of a creation. 
The aim is to create a community of users, which will upload their photos, share them, 
comment and comunicate with each other. 
This pro ject should ﬁx the gap in czech and slovak internet (limo jo.cz, limo jo.sk) in terms of providing services oriented in photography area as well. At the same time, it will be available for the foreign visitors. (limo jo.com) </td>]
[<td>This work is focused on the potential brought by genetic algorithms to the field of test pattern compression. Aiming at the overlapping method in particular, the basics of genetic algorithms are discussed, followed by the presentation of given problem and actual implementation. Its basis are derived from a canonical genetical algorithm and the previous work of Jan Kur¹, reinforced with an external fault simulator, which in turn provides crucial informations for its running. The result set is compared to the COMPAS program.

In the testing process various parameters were measured,such as starting vector count, number of subjets, generations and total computation time. It also shows improvement in compression over COMPAS on given circuits by 30%, largely by optimizing its results.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this work is to create a program, which will display primary flight display of Airbus A320 on PC. The stress is put on authenticity of display. Document also describes showed values and method of its measurement and interpretation.
Software engineering methods are used for program creation, which includes requirements gathering, analysis and design. Program is implemented using C# language and DirectX is used for displaying purposes.</td>]
[<td>Create a system for the modernization of examining process for a small primary school. The system should operate either as an application on local network or via a web browser. The system will completely or  laregly compensate for a form of typical written tests. It will support the access for teachers who load the system with various types of trial questions for several subjects. On the other hand, there will be the access for students, who will be trained and examined. The correction of question will be done automatically, if possible. The results will be kept for printing, eventually for making statistics. The system should imply audiovisual elements.  On the basis of the analysis and the proposal, the system  will be implemented  with the reference to  the policy of software engineering in Java language.</td>]
[<td>The aim of my work is to implement the board game SCRABBLE written in C++ language with GUI interface, which will enable the game of a man and the computer as well. The computer manages the simple intelligence. The algorithm of Andrew W. Appel and Guy J. Jacobson has been chosen for the computer artificial intelligence and the choice of the draw depends on the highest points rating.</td>]
[<td>This work is about project management during implementation of information systém for technical department of software developing company. The system allows to keep an evidence of customer requests, watching their state and information about processing of the requests. The work is separated into three parts: Prototype specification a boundaries of the project, description of used technologies and prototype and description and evaluation of project management. Technologies used for implementations are Java, Java Server Pages, Hibernate a MySQL database.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design and implementation of presentation tier in the system for planning checks of medical devices. The report firstly analyses the requirements for this specific application,
followed by a brief list of technologies available for work with similar specifications. The report then elaborates on the application concept with detailed description of used technologies. Furthermore, the implementation and use of the application is described. The final part of the report explains various procedures available to test the application. The documentation for the project is written in the UML
language.</td>]
[<td>This work addresses problems, that are connected with development of avionics and
shows some solutions on development of particular device — GNSS Sensor.
First part of this works is a brief introduction to aviation regulations and standards.
Second part describes development process of the GNSS Sensor.
For implementation itself an innovative method is used. Whole device is implemented
as logic circuit without using any SW or processors which execute it. This method is
mainly used for its less strict verification and testing standards compared to standards
for verification and testing of SW.
The work also addresses problems, which came from usage of FPGA, mainly SEU, which
it treats as most important. It proposes some simple, but very efficient solutions for this
kind of problem by usage of modern FPGA devices, which are SEU resistant by design.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the usage of a mobile phone as a remote control for PCs or multimedia centers. A working solution for the Symbian operating system was implemented. The mobile application can be used as a remote control for audio and video players running on the PC over Bluetooth connection. Functions for sending audio and text-based data are also present.</td>]
[<td>Text describes a process of creating a deterministic pushdown automaton accepting trees in prefix notation. The automaton does not require particular order of successors of nodes and accepts all trees contained in a set created by considering all possible permutations of successors of each node. The solution also takes care about the time and space complexity.
This automaton will serve as a basis for description of an automaton accepting tree patterns and all possible subtrees of a given tree. Usage of such automaton can for example be when searching for subtrees in XML.</td>]
[<td>The presented thesis focuses on the issues of personal knowledge management. It offers an overview of the currently available 
software solutions utilizable in the process of developing a personal knowledge base while confronting their benefits and 
shortcomings. Based on this overview, it designs a web-based software application to be used as a platform for storing and 
managing personal knowledge in DocBook format.

The thesis incorporates the implementation of the target application the functionality of which also includes contents 
version management while maintaining convertibility to diverse data formats and employing the full-text search feature.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the analysis, design and implementation of software product and interface for mass process of sms messages internal GSM networks. The intention of this study is design interface make possible interconnect this system with any other services by easy and multiplatform way.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor project is design and implementation of an application partitioning a combinatorial circuit formatted as netlist into more parts in a purpose of testing. So the most important thing is to choose a suitable algorithm for decomposing of a circuit represented by a graph with regard to minimum cut and good testability.</td>]
[<td>This graduation thesis goes into comparison of modern web graphics development technologies. These are SWT, Java Applet, Adobe Flex, MS Silverlight and GWT. For comparison of the technologies
there is implemented simple GUI with basic components. First chapter sums up general information of each technology. Second chapter handles with architecture, third with history. In fourth chapter there
can be found practical informations about instalation, layout managers, examples and others. The last chapter gives review of pros and cond of each technology.</td>]
[<td>The master thesis is focused on design and implementation of object database for Java applications. The database is designed to only use Java for data definition and data manipulation. Byte-code of persistent classes is analyzed and modified before being passed to Java Virtual Machine. This ensures maximum transparency when working with persistent data. The main goal of the design is ease of use in application. Only features available in Java API are used. No native code, vendor specific behavior or undocumented Java Virtual Machine features are required.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with information systems used in spa facilities with focus on server-client and web solutions. It contains an analysis of a new server-client information system and describes its implementation in Java language. The author carries out spa information systems market survey, based on which and the requirements of the spa in Dolní Lipová an information system analysis is worked out.

The technical part of this thesis describes a solution concept for the information system, including the choice of technologies, platform dependent model and a database schema. The solution concept is connected with its realization, where the author describes the choice of development tools, software implementation and deployment diagram. The solution concept is created with an emphasis on easy scalability and processing speed. The thesis is ended with product testing and its deployment description.</td>]
[<td>Thesis deals with non-trivial knowledge extraction using visualizations by data mining. With JFreeChart library implements charts to FAKE GAME and allows export them to the vector graphics. Describe knowledges, which could we extract from plots.</td>]
[<td>This project describes design and implementation of web access to ERP system Helios using Windows SharePoint Services. The web access solution facilitates display and modification of data acquired from the ERP system and also simple configuration because of implementation based on modular configurable elements, Web Parts. Efficiency ensured by data caching and application security are the main factors of the solution. Except analysis, design and description of implementation the report also includes basic description of used technologies, web interface performance tests and comparison of the web interface with original client.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of a web portal presenting the research group SWING. The goal of this portal is presentation of SWING and centralization of all relevant data about this group and its members in one place.
This web portal is based on the Open Source CMS Joomla! with many extensions added to improve its functionality. Some of these extensions were built extra to suit the needs of this portal. Another goal was the import of data from webis database, which acts as a
main storage of information about people related to CTU, FEE. The use of Shibboleth technology to authenticate visitors and its interraction with the Joomla! CMS plays a very important role as well.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on the Draft 2.0 of 802.11n technology comparison with the standards of 802.11a,b,g, which are already approved and used in wireless communication nowadays. The modication of data transmission technology is analyzed, and this analysis is tested in real conditions. The aim of this work is to nd out the real increase in transmission quality (reliability, speed and signal cover) of this upcoming standard, in comparison to the long-lasting and widened 802.11a,b,g WiFi technology.</td>]
[<td>The protection of corporate data has become very complex. One of the reasons for
that is that it is difficult to distinguish a malicious activity from a legitimate activity
while monitoring transactions on data.
In this thesis, we focus on the methods to identify malicious activity on a database
performed by a user. The objective is to create and define methodology that is capable
of detecting abnormal activity, implement it with the help of a system and perform
proper testing on it to provide the best condition at given conditions.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis contains recherche of applications for creation of Nassi-Shneiderman diagrams and their evaluation selects the most suitable application for adding new features. The thesis also describes concepts and realization of extensions, primarily possibility to run
and debug Nassi-Shneiderman diagrams. Success of the realization of extensions is evaluated with usability testing.</td>]
[<td>The aim of my thesis was to create webhosting solution based on GNU/Linux operating system that would be easy to install and maintain. At first I made an analysis of the problem, identifying the main components of a webhosting system. After examining some existing solutions, I implemented ``debian-hosting``. It is a set of Debian packages that can be used to install ready-to-use webhosting system. Important part of this system is web-based administration interface for hosting users.</td>]
[<td>Main and larger part of this thesis is retrieval part. In this part are descibed principals and functions of processors and technologies that are used in processors. Beginning of this thesis is focused on basic parts of processors, mainly on memories, which are described closely. Next chapter describes Intel and AMD technologies, which are used in common processors. Final and main chapters of this part disscuss about instruction level parallelism and Hyper-Threading technology. 
Second and shorter part of this thesis is implementation part. There are desribed function
and implementation of used programmes. First aplication named CPUInfo, which used cpuid
instructions. Main purpose of this part is testing and comparing of results of sort and graph
algorithms. Result of testing shows inﬂuence of used processor on those algorithms.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project deals with extension of application “Anketa hodnocení výuky na ÈVUT“, which is electronic survey for evaluation teaching on the university. The main goals were to extend application of a new technology, features and other elements which increase information value of the application. At the same time user interface was changed to be more comfortable for users. 

In my work, I describe the infrastructure of this project which consists of several important parts. One part is devoted to the selection of a new technology, comparing different possibilities, giving the reason for my choice and describing its particularity. Next chapter is describing implementation of a new features and changes in user interface using new technology. I’m dealing with installation and configuration of the application and tools as well. In the end of my thesis I mention progress of testing and assess the results achieved against the task assignment.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this bachelor project is to compare three parallel file systems in terms of what properties they can offer and in terms of suitability for specific purposes.
The parallel filesystems that were tested are GPFS by IBM, Lustre by Sun Microsystems Inc. and HDFS by Apache Software Foundation. 

Though it is hard and maybe not objective, because of endless possibilities of setup and tunning of these file systems, I tried to compare the performance of GPFS and Lustre. I have also run a benchmark on HDFS.</td>]
[<td>Presented work deals with design of portal server of department of Computer Science for
different groups of users. The design is based on analysis of current state and suggestions
defined by a committee that solved this topic. The analysis results in a set of requirements on
portal solution. Suitable portal system, Websynergy, is chosen so to conform to specified
requirements. Part of the design is a prototype of designed portal implemented in Websynergy
portal system.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the application Static Web Generator For Students Enquiry System On CTU. The main task is code refactoring and documentation of this application. New technologies – Apache Ant and Smarty – are used in code refactoring. These technologies are described here and are given their advantages in comparison with the current solution. The generator is also extended with configuration files, with which you can easily manage the generation of enquires in accordance with a requirements of faculties. The work deals with the design and implementation of an environment that enables automatic generation of partial results dutiny enquiry process. It also extends the generator of new features – aggregation results of an enquiry of departments, packages for teachers with their private results, comments of teachers to evaluation of their courses.</td>]
[<td>This work presents the design and implementation of a universal library of compression algorithms. The library is able to compress and decompress data stored on the hard disk or in the memory using a selected compression method. The interface to the library allows the
user to set up parameters of the compression methods and also serialize multiple compression modules into chains. Thanks to its exibility, the library is suitable both for experimenting with compression algorithms and for regular use in applications.
    As part of this work, the ACB compression method has been implemented, and existing implementations of the DCA and PPM methods were adapted for the library.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis deals with creating high availability network connections. It brings an overview of the commonly used techniques in Pharlap real-time operating system and proposes new implementations and testing approaches. The proposed methods include algorithms for network link state detection and correct path selection utilizing IPoverIP tunnels with MSS modification.


</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a design and implementation of sound effects delay, reverb, chorus and flanger. All of these effects have been realized digitally and solely as a hardware solution. The hardware has been described in a VHDL hardware description language. The circuit has been implemented in a FPGA. As an implementation platform we have chosen an educational board Spartan 3E Starter kit extended by another circuit board, that contains audio codec UDA 1380. 

All implemented sound effects are functional. Testing has been done in two ways. First, the outputs of the effects have been analyzed using an oscilloscope. Second, the outputs of the effects have been acoustically compared with existing solutions.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create a method, which can produce photorealistic rendering of wet materials, such as fabrics, hairs and paper. Implementation is aimed for existing framework Physically Based Ray Tracer (PBRT).
For better readind thesis is divided in to logical chapters. In the second chapter is described physical phenomen scattering light inside the materials. In the third chapter  are desrcibed two basic methods, which are used in computer graphics to get physical phenomen described in chapter two. In the fourth and fifth chapter is described alghoritmic proposal and it´s implementation. Result are described in the sixth chapter and conclussion is in the final chapter.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is studying correction of representation of letters with accents in PDF documents. In certain conditions the character is composed from two elements, standard letter and accent itself which is shifted to correct position. This fact causes problems during text extraction and automated document processing. The result of this bachelor thesis is program in Java programming language using library of classes PDFBox, capable of correcting representation of Czech characters with accents in PDF files. Correction is made by merging composites into one character using font that includes Czech characters and looks same as original font. Collection of included fonts is extensible. Test results were successful in most cases.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design and implementation of server tier in the system for planning checks of medical devices. The server tier provides an interface to be used with many different clients. There is the analysis of necessary data which are stored in database at first. The next part of work is designing layer-based application architecture using design patterns. The implementation phase describes using of libraries and internal communication between layers, managing requests received from client and solving optimization problems. In the end of work is a description of testing process. Whole application development uses standard UP methods and UML for documentation.</td>]
[<td>Many computer systems are potentially at risk in the current world full of increasing threats from the internet. Developers of antivirus software are fighting hard to combat the new trends in creating malicious applications. The time delay until new malware is detected is often too long and often renders the protection ineffective. A possible solution to this problem is to use dynamic methods of analysing executable files. However, this kind of analysis is very time-consuming, and it is necessary to carefully select the objects to analyze. The goal of this diploma thesis is to design a mechanism to detect compressed and encrypted executable files designed for Microsoft Windows 32-bit operating systems. This requires a detailed analysis of data algorithms and algorithms dealing with information stored in the structures defined for MZ-PE executables, on the basis of which a suitable mechanism can be designed.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes system PHP Payments, which les bank account transactions, cash payments and services. System is used for administration of periodic monthly payments of Internet connection. Provider is allowed to know who has paid, who didn\\\'t pay and knows customer\\\'s services. Customer is allowed to see his bills and payments. This can be used except Internet providing for many other similar purposes with small improvements.</td>]
[<td>In today\\\'s internet age, there is a growing need for improving network security. This often leads to having all but the most needed ports closed. To access those closed ports one may use tunnelling and/or VPN. This work compares various ethernet frame tunnelling solutions based on their security, speed, efficiency and attempts to design an alternative protocol aimed for security and efficiency. The result of the work is a proof-of-concept program compliant with the protocol.
</td>]
[<td>The result of this thesis is description of CVSS based evaluation metrics for security level of nodes in computer network topology and implementation of assessment tool using these metrics. 
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to modify the Furby Toy o allow its wireless control and sound transmission. The goal of the project is to design new electronics for Furby in such a way, that any mechanical part doesn’t have to be modified. Wireless transmission is based on BlueTooth technology using F2M03AC2 module by Free2Move. Modified toy should be able to execute movements and monitor state of its sensors. Additional requirement is to support carrying of quality audio signal between the toy and controlling PC. </td>]
[<td>Thesis describes implementation of W3C standard XQuery 1.0, which is query language for XML
data standard, in context of native XML database system ExDB. Process of implementation
consists of the XQuery grammar preparation, parser code creation using parsing generator and
implementation itself in Java 1.5 The nal product of this thesis is a module integrable into the
ExDB system, which is capable of evaluation of basic queries of XQuery 1.0 language.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and the implementation of the tautology detection tool, which is based on algorithms from the Espresso, accepts input data in the Espresso PLA format and is integrable to the kernel of the programm BOOM~II. Emphasis is placed on the time efficiency of solution found in the diversity of the input logic functions.</td>]
[<td>In my thesis there is an analysis of the optimalization options of SOAP protocol for application in the area with limited communication capacity like data control and data capture. In spite of lately growing communication capacity there is the dispatch of the XML documents in textual mode still problematical in this sphere. XML language primarily formed like all-purpose tool for storage of various textual information, brings to the area RPC growth of the communication volume. For suggested adjustments I verified its applicability on microcontroller.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with a design and implementation of the application for unified corporate signature solution in outgoing emails within the operation system Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Exchange server. The proposed application on the basis of configuration automatically complements the unified signature in all outgoing emails with personified data of a sender. The personified data are searched out in the Active directory according to the sender´s email address. A proposal of user interface for system configuration is also included in the thesis.</td>]
[<td>My bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with problems of alogrithms searching in state space. It itroduces two algorithms, which are adapted to solve the Eternity II puzzle. All solutions of the puzzle generates normous state space together, therefore a quicker searching method
is more suitable than using \\</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work was to provide Student’s church and Mantichora projects with a plug-in support and also a possibility of system integration (also into other information systems). This bachelor thesis compared many different technologies. Web services (SOAP, WSDL) – an existing industry standard – were chosen as the appropriate solution of the task and consequently implemented.

This work brought functional, stable and safe solution for inter-component communication. Created code was reviewed and tested in real applications also by other members of development teams. The developers were provided with simple tutorials and examples of particular implementation.
</td>]
[<td>The work deal with searching main deficiencies of actual application for online creation web pages without necessity web technologies knowledge. The solutions are consequently according to the analysis and proposal implemented to the application for online web creation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with designing and implementation of a web application for maintanance database of measuring sensors used in physical experiment. The application will enable to view records of sensors clearly. It will make possible to maintain records of sensors (that means creating new records, editing and deleting records) even for users without knowledge of language SQL.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with designing and implementation of a web application for maintanance
database of measuring sensors used in physical experiment. The application will enable
to view records of sensors clearly. It will make possible to maintain records of sensors
(that means creating new records, editing and deleting records) even for users without
knowledge of language SQL.</td>]
[<td>Presented work describe design and implementation of structure oriented discrete simulation system based on quasi-parallel environment SIMCP. Resulting impmenetation is meant for demonstration of discrete simulation systems with support of structure for its teaching.</td>]
[<td>The JavaServer Faces specication ocially came to existence towards the end of 2004. At the present time, it still belongs to the group of the most used Java-based Web application frameworks. It greatly simplies the development of user interfaces for web Java enterprise applications. The goal of this work was to use this technology and develop a portlet application that would enable the employees of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering to manage their school calendar of absences and special events. This text describes all the technologies used and the very process of the analysis and implementation process.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis analysis, design, implementation and usability tests of the application developed for searching public transport connections on Windows Mobile device are described. The main focus of the first part is on various kinds of Windows Mobile devices and existing applications for searching public transport connections. The description of the application development is divided into two iterations. The outcome of the first iteration is the public betatesting of the application. The second iteration results in the final usability and comparative tests of the application.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the possibilities of using peer-to-peer structures as a basis for the design of name services. Compares different DHT implementations with regard to the specific requirements of the name service and emphasis on avoiding the shortcomings and limitations
in DNS.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement a sytem for automated generation of exams and its evaluation. The system consists of two parts. Part one, written in Java, is used for courses and questions management and test exams generation. In the second part, written in PHP, students can test their skills and knowledge by taking a sample test.</td>]
[<td>Desktop application for project Web graph service (WGS for short) was created for purpose of simplified computing graphs characteristics with use of components created for WGS.
Application offers user simple way to work with graph and find out its properties, also is very easy to create new modules to compute other properties (modules are also usable as a stand-alone, from command line – without this desktop application).
Basic modules are downloaded from WGS server (component WGS2).
</td>]
[<td>The following work summarizes findings about problems in visualization of mobile robots and describes possible solutions to some adherent problems. The work describes and compares present technologies used for visualization, it also contains an implementation of one solution designed to be used in SyRoTek system.    

The main contribution of this work is in the concept and realisation of algorithm capable of solving the Augment Reality occlusion problem to some extent, and in the implementation of comprehensive solution designed to show visualizations of mobile robots. This implementation comprises solutions starting from, but not limited to, reading pictures from camera and getting data from robot, to rendering the processed data on end-user\\\'s workstation.  </td>]
[<td>Purpose of this thesis is an implementation of web application Administration interface of
Payment center. System supports complete remote administration of Payment center product
with uses of web services interface and is created to run on application server. Documentation
contains a complete analysis documented by method of software engineering.</td>]
[<td>The aim of  this project is to create a simple tool for effective management and control over the projects in small to medium-sized company. The program is implemented as a desktop application providing access to the administration and the display or editing of inputs and outputs at different levels of user rights.
It provides the possibility to create and manage a hierarchy of projects and tasks, of human and other resources assigned to them and to plan their deployment. It also provides the display during individual parts, the basic administrative and survey of costs associated with the project.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor project is focused on description of framework Grails, its primary features and comparison to other frameworks with the same use. Apart of this work is a model example application of university registr of students, teachers and subjects with focus on solved problems during development based on framework Grails.</td>]
[<td>In most current computer games we can see atmospheric phenomena like fog, snow or rain. Thanks to these the games can offer a more visually realistic environment.
This bachelor thesis deals with different methods of realistic rendering of rain and subsequent design and implementation of one of then, namely a method using particle systems and static textures also based on physical laws.
The result is an application which simulates and renders scenes with rain in real time. A part of this application is a simple user interface, enabling the user to change and tweak individual simulation parameters like, for example, the number and size of raindrops.</td>]
[<td>Client-side web programming has always been missing native drawing API that a web browser would provide for use in JavaScript. As a result, many third-party plugins capable of graphics programming have been introduced. At the present time, capabilities of major web browsers have reached the point that makes native drawing using JavaScript possible. This thesis presents JavaScript Graphics Library (JSGL) library with the browser-dependent implementation specifics embedded. The library provides Java-like API the use of which requires only basic knowledge of web page technologies. At the phase of testing, a complex application made using the library is  introduced. The application animates a run of artificial neural network evolution algorithm using real-world data.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on web-oriented database containing informations on trees and bushes. Its user is able to independently add and comment the contained set of herbage. Additionaly while browsing its contents, various attributes can be selected. Analysis, design, implementation and testing of the application are also included. The result should be working program and this document.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the acceptance of an electronical communication. It investigates
the most common media for professional and social communication of target
group of people between 14 and 30 years of age. This target group is divided into
groups of technicians, humanists and artists.
The thesis looks for differences in the level of acceptance of an electronical communication,
it studies problems of the individual groups, analyzes them and offers
a solution. It also deals with user tests of two communication tools and looks
for answers to formerly set hypotheses. It marginally concerns the safety of the
internet and hidden threats.</td>]
[<td>The using of modern technologies is very important in the development of competitive Web
applications. Limits of the user space are growing among the smaller operators of Internet
services, but the current storage data technologies cease to be sufficient. This work deals
with design of cheap, fast and flexible technology to store large data capacity.</td>]
[<td>Basis of this work is design and realisation of software usable in practice, whose goal is to simplify and streamline the management of data, emerging during activity of smaller footbal club. The content of the text is created foremost by the description of particular phases of work on the project. With respect to the fact, that the database management system Java DB is considered to be the integral component of resulting application, the text also contains brief characteristics of its basic attributes and means of usage.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes methods of XPath distribution into subqueries which are being modelled on the set of XML document nodes. The aim of this work is to nd some ways how to parse XPath query and its graphical highlighting. The result product helps people interested in XPath to facilitate understanding the issues connected to XPath.</td>]
[<td>This work presents design and implementation of network frame analyzer in FPGA. This analyzer preprocesses data captured by an Ethernet adapter. It analyzes what protocols are transported by the Ethernet frame a what are offsets of their headers within the frame. This information will then make further more detailed analysis considerably easier. 
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this study is to compare distributed resource management systems from the view of their features and also the demands on administrator. In this work we will find different features of systems, description of installation, basic administration tools and test those systems. There were chosen three resource management systems: SGE, LL and TORQUE in this work. The result of this study will be the basic overview of the tools, whereas some features will be tested on the real servers. The product of this study will be pdf document summarizing the outcome of this study, CD with measured values and graphs for detailed inspection, and source codes of scripts. Next, this study may be used by opponent, who designs SGE, and discovers new development of SGE.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design and implementation of the Cache manager in the Cell-
Store Native XML database. It analyses common techniques in the cache management,
provides state of the art of Native XML Databases, introduces the adaptive approach
to the caching problematic and describes the design and implementation of the Cache
manager for CellStore project via Adaptive Caching using Multiple Experts.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this thesis was to design and implement programmable benchmark tool for testing
and analyzing performance and stability of XCAP server implementation. XML Configuration
Access Protocol (XCAP) was designed for manipulating documents stored in XML format on
server. If we want to compare various implementations of XCAP server, it will be necessary to have
a suitable tool for analysing XCAP server load characteristics. Stress test was also designed to
analyze critical access collisions occuring during paralel access of multiple XCAP clients to one
XML document. Design was developed in co-operation with submitter company SITRONICS
Centrum.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents a design and implementation of an integrated visualization environment for interactive visual analysis of user activity logs. Data are organised into projects and the application provides data persistence across application sessions. Data visualization is performed by third-party plugin modules. Plugin modules are also used for conversion of data into the internal format of the application. Plugin module authors will use the public API/SPI, which was created for the purposes of extending application functionality. The application is implemented in Java and based on the NetBeans Platform.</td>]
[<td>The Extract-Transform-Load processes represent crucial elements in the automation of data integration between systems that operate on diversified data sources. Using them facilitates the expensive maintenance of extensive data warehouses receiving data from operational systems. The first-rate purpose of the bachelor\\\'s theses is to establish a flexible communication between the ETL processes of CloverETL product and the outside systems based on Web Services.

The initial part focuses on the description of the structure and processes that pass off the applications of CloverETL product and are significant in a view of communication between the outside systems. In this part the data source identification and theirs requirements for processing are emphasized. In the case study I analyze new models of interactions with the outside systems based on Web Services. In addition to new communication model there are some considerations about the data integrity ensurance and trustworthiness inbetween involved parties through supplemental services provided by underlying infrastructure. The knowledge gained in the case study are consequently deepened in part in which I deal with the integration of CloverETL application into the Web Services environment and establishing the architecture of components extending the CloverETL product.

The topic of the final part encompasses the applications of implemented communication model regarding to the preference of the efficient data model. Based on the knowledge gained I outlined as well the assertion in SOA architecture presenting completely new insight on ETL processes.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about a part of the system, which is used for 3D design of interiors. System has four parts, web application, desktop application, server application and renderer. This work describes only the web application.
Web application makes possible design of interiors in a web browser without any plugins, for this purpose the services of server application and renderer are used. The web application is also used for administration of scenes, users and furniture catalogue.</td>]
[<td>The target of this thesis is design and implement algorithm, which will optimise MIPS32 assembler code. Output should be more effcient and faster, but it must be based on data dependencies semantically equivalent.</td>]
[<td>Baccalaureate work deals with problems of testing data creation and with methods which are during testing data creation used. Goal of the work is to design and  implement functional prototype of testing data generator application, which will be usable for  both manual and automated functional tests, performance tests and unit tests. The system is designed for use in Czech environment with implementation of national specific data elements.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this diploma thesis is to design and verify a time-stamp unit - a hardware solution used for clock synchronization in a network of distributed nodes. Synchronized timebase allows, among others, reading of input data or setting of outputs simultaneously throughout the network. The unit enables every node to synchronize its local time with a time reference provided via a field-bus. Alternatively, it can synchronize with an external source and serve as a time reference for the network. The designed unit and the associated software have been integrated into a system on chip containing the network protocol and a 16-bit RISC processor. Verification was done both, by exhaustive simulations and on an FPGA implementation. A single bus network as well as a network consisting of two coupled bus segments were evaluated. In case of the single bus network, the maximum time deviation between two nodes was 0.1 us, in the latter case 0.2 us.</td>]
[<td>Information technologies infiltrates allmost all human activities. Driving schools recently experienced boom in using such technologies, mainly in excersising and examining stutedns by Home Office\\\'s on-line driving tests.

The goal of this Bachelor thesis is to analyze reguirements of driving schools on an on-line management of drives and on bases of such analysis implement the system to handle such reqirements and test it. Main requirements on the system are simple control for instructors and students of driving school, direct succession on non-electronical ways of drives management and minimal requirements on driving schools.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to support management of project Mantichora which includes studying of theory about team leading, research of the current applications for support of managing the project and introducing of application which were chosen or implemented into usage in project. Introducing to usage means to acquaint team with chosen application and its possibilities. 

There is a comparison of several different applications in the bachelor thesis. As the best one was chosen application Assembla which covers all the team’s requirements. The thesis also includes manual for using application Assembla and suggestion to improve its usage in the next part of the project Mantichora or in usage in the other projects.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to develop navigation software, which will process data from a GPS module and an accelerometer, and it will navigate a user to desired destination based on this information.

The software was developed as a client application that can work in offline mode, as well as connected to a navigation server, which is result of another diploma thesis. The application communicates with all clients and allows more complex functions, such as loading a pedestrian to a car with similar destination.

The result is a mobile application that was tested on a several mobile phones containing maps of Prague, allowing data update with traffic statistics and together with the cooperating server it is capable of complex routing scenarios.
</td>]
[<td>abstrakt (anglicky) This thesis deals with an analysis and implementation of a web application for visualization and computer network administration. As a part of the application will be a module which will scan network topology to get information on the network using SNMP. This module will be implemented using Adobe Flash technology. Desing the application for adjustment and creation a model using the user interface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement system that will allow to computate optimal schedules for heterogenous distributed systems. Parallel computations will be done with using of the BOINC, which is designed for support a parallel computation. System will implement algorithms for computation with and without duplication tasks. Input data for this system will be read from the database and write back into the database</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to describe whole process leading to design and implementation of client-server protocol for CellStore database engine. It contains discussion about selection of communication mechanism and data representation. Is also describes features and common guidelines of API which was being created. All source code of both client and server part, including API documentation, are appended on CD. In appendix, there are also exhausting instructions for running CellStore database with remote access service and for compiling of client library and client programs.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to survey means of dynamic class generation in Java programming language. To find out how it is possible to create definition of a class during runtime, how to load dynamically these generated classes into the running Java Virtual Machine and how to realize persistence for them afterwards.

For class generation there are described Javassist and ASM from existing frameworks. ASM framework was finally chosen for fonding solution of this particular problem.

The result of this work will be a sample application, which will enable to define new classes at runtime and also to create database scheme for them. This application will also enable creation of new instances of these classes and will be able to persist such objects.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to explore and use the features and functions of the Nintendo Wii remote control. Besides traditional buttons, the device has sensors for monitoring it\\\'s tilt and rotation. However the most advanced part of the remote control is the front infrared camera, which can read the position of a source of infrared light. Using this feature we can send the position of a lit IR LED diode to the computer and use it for reading the movement of a user\\\'s hand. If we then project the screen of our computer on a wall, we can create the illusion of writing on the wall with our diode thus creating an interactive whiteboard. In conclusion, the main objective of this work is to explore the possibilities of creating an easy to use and affordable interactive whiteboard that could be used in any school.
</td>]
[<td>The growing requirements for quality of service are reflected in all sectors. Users are beginning to search for services that are reliable and good quality, although these requirements represent an increase in their prices. In recent years, Internet telephony is developing dynamically, after the call under most programs only provide information about the participants and during the call. 
This thesis deals with the evolution plug-in for measuring the quality of Internet telephony, which after its addition to the SIP client Reports qualitative parameters. These will be displayed both within the client, as well as programmed through the web interface. For example the functionality was the plug-in debugged for SIP client PJSGUA v0.7.</td>]
[<td>This thesis devotes query optimalization in relation database systems. Implementation result of this thesis is relation database system for execution queries and printing results. Purpose of this work is to compare results of this implementation with other relation database systems and propose improvement for execution of SQL queries.</td>]
[<td>Main target of this work is to design and develop information system for flexible office using JavaServer Faces and Portlet technology.
Information system should be able to make an easy allocation of working place for employees.
System is written in Java programming language mainly.
Text contains introduction to problem, analysis and description of realization.
There are descriptions of implementation, technology, and problems with solutions in the realization chapter.
User and installation manual is included in the last part.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis was to develop tool, which will transform context-free grammar into metamodel. Then it will be graphically represented by class diagram and it will provide several additional functions. The viewer should be simple and easy to control.</td>]
[<td>This thesis desribes the analysis, design and implementation of adaptive e-learning web portal based on semantic web. First part consists of an overview of the required technologies and existing adaptive e-learning systems. The second part covers design and implementation of adaptive processes in my aplication and their evaluation based on adequate testing. This thesis should work as a reference for future development in the regions of adaptive e-learning.</td>]
[<td>The main idea of this thesis is to make data of a car available through the web interface. The unit communicates with the car system and collects information of car and of navigation unit and provides access to these data to user through internet. An owner of the car eventually car park is informed about the car (cars) without using any other service controlling the car which is common in other systems. The only long-term costs are fees for access to mobile net.</td>]
[<td>The result of this work is an information system for competition support of Czech biathlon union. This system manages data of competitors, competitions, competition results, seasonal statistics and other necessary information. It collects results exported from local management applications and exports data which these applications need to operate the competitions. Furthermore data imported from local applications are used for statistics and competitor rank calculation.</td>]
[<td>Computer vision is a fast developing field of study and tracking in a video sequence is one of its most challenging issues. Detection of points of interest represents a key concept in tracking as it determines the quality of the final output. In the last 20 years, both academics and professionals published a number of different methods of the detection. This thesis compares Harris corner detector, Harris-Affine and Hessian-Affine, MSER, and Salient regions detectors and puts them into contrast with the Stable Wave Detector (SWD), a method invented by Jan Dupa\\\\v c. SWD is based on a one dimensional computation of the Fourier transform. The research performed proved SWD to be very fast and accurate. Relatively lower robustness, compared to the other detectors, does not represent a significant downside in real use.
QtSwd, a visualization tool, is an integral part of the work. It clearly demonstrates real application of the SWD algorithm. This helps with its better understanding and facilitates further development of SWD.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the issue of Japanese puzzle game Kakuro, it extends author\\\'s bachelor thesis. The original bachelor thesis is enhanced by kakuro grid\\\'s shape generator, the GUI is totally remodelled and new functions are added. The work analyses possibilities of kakuro generator speedup and compares different strategies of solution state space traversal. The subject of the second part of the thesis is a development of three-dimensional version of kakuro.

The whole program is written in Java programming language and applet was selected as the form of application. The visualization of 3D kakuro was developed using the Java 3D library.   </td>]
[<td>Purpose of this document is to summarize all information needed for development of an information system for small and medium sized hotels. This paper consists of detailed and structured description of requirements on the system and its behavioral and logic analysis. Part of the text is also focused on economic aspects of the project.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this paper is to describe methods used to minimization of ESOP
functions, therefore the ones that use XOR of products instead of normal OR and to describe
their principles, advantages and disadvantages. Methods and approaches to solve this problem
are ordered chronologically from older to new ones. Last part of this work is an ESOP
minimizer based on existing BOOM engine developed by Ing. Petr Fi¹er, Ph.D.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and implementation of a user interface for the application for maintaining and editing the accreditation materials. It must be possible to integrate the application into Drupal content management system. The thesis also describes module writing for Drupal focusing on the Database and Forms API of this content management system.
The outcome of the thesis is a working prototype of the application which makes subject maintaining possible.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The thesis implements two medical web portals for better management of  diabetes and bipolar disorder under the framework of OLDES and Bipometrics projects. The first portal is aimed at patients suffering from diabetes. The portal provides visualization of physiological signals as blood pressure, level of glycemia and information about daily food consumption. The target group of the second web application are patients suffering from bipolar disorder. Information about their movement activity and results of questionnaires are accessible. In both cases alarms informing about potential health risks have been implemented. The study with focus on design an application for elderly and doctors was performed before the design and implementation of the both applications. Moreover, advantages of the improvement, related to developed projects, with respect to existed projects are discussed. The web portals are implemented on the basis of Java EE technologies such as  Apache Struts, Hibernate or  Apache Axis.</td>]
[<td>The target of this work is to create a program that will help with design of an irrigation
system. We have to include many very complex rules during the creating of the sprinkler
system. This is the reason why the main part of sprinkler systems built here are created
by specialized companies. My program provide a tool to create a model of garden, place
all sprinkler components, automatically check connections between the components and
compute all values necessary for correct function of an irrigation system. The program will
also provide fast and easy interface for communication between the client and employee.
Clients will be able to have their projects checked or even repair by company specialist. The
program will be directly connected to a distribution company that will brings the advantage
of automatic creation of a part list and an order. With this system almost everyone will able
to create and build own an irrigation system by own hands.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is aimed at analysis, design and implementation of a prototype of an information system for complex financial product sale support. Designed system allows to suggest the best solution of a client’s financial situation based on his profile and to create optimal structure of his product portfolio to cover all his goals and plans.</td>]
[<td>In the present work we study and implement algorithms for speaker localization by a microphone
array in room. Output of this work is application for Cell BE processor which estimates sound source
location using Playstation 3 console and visualize this location in client Java application. We document
ways and methods for signal processing input audio signals from microphones and algorithms of room
geometry we use to reach measured results.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to propose and implement a system to manage reservations for some  leisure amenities. The theoretical part deals with modeling the system in graphical UML language, describing the technology and some development tools used for creation web applications. Further, the work describes the development of the reservation system step by step along with neccessary testing. Finally, the conclusion presents the results and comparison to similar commercial projects in annex.</td>]
[<td>My thesis deals with creation and analysis of an information system which is expected to be used as a parish register. It focuses on a research of existing domestic and foreign information systems. Additionally, I tried to compare them and proposed a new system which can be used in Czech Roman Catholic parishes.
The implementation part covers a demo version related to a register of baptized people.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this work was to create a process that integrates client data from new data sources to new consolidated data source. The data integration means to transform data structures from two data sources to one and to clean the data. Two sample applications that use the old client data source were created and later they were modiﬁed to use a real-time version of the transformation proces for cleansing, modifying and integration of data.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes an implementation and a method of generating a
pushdown searching automaton for searching samples in the tree. In
addition, in the thesis is given a manual how to use the created program.</td>]
[<td>Rendering of photorealistic images at interactive frame rates is an extensively researched area of computer graphics. Whereas methods based on tracing rays have already achieved necessary speedup for computation of direct lighting, global illumination effects still remain unreachable for interactive simulations on commodity computer hardware. The goal of this thesis is to examine the performance of modern graphics accelerators when computing global illumination on three algorithms with different degree of visual fidelity and computational requirements. For this purpose we implemented easily extensible rendering system containing Whitted-style ray tracing, path tracing, and instant global illumination algorithms that were optimized for parallel execution on graphics accelerators with compute unified device architecture. The performance of individual algorithms was tested on multiple devices evaluating the current progress in the area of physically based rendering on graphics processing units.</td>]
[<td>When we want to discover a protein function, we have to know an order of aminoacids in it\\\'s linear protein sequence. For this purpose is widely used mass spectrometry. The data are commonly interpreted using two methods - by searching in known protein sequence databases or by using graph algorithms. The research background of this work first describes currently used techniques of protein sequence identification using mass spectrometry and listed algorithms closely associate with physical and chemical principles, which are necessary for the right data interpretation. In the second part of reserch background are described the metric indexing methods M-tree and PM-tree, which are used for reaching logarithmical complexity in similarity searching in multimedial databases. The research part of this work is based on previous background parts and focused on the interpretation by searching in databases. By using the M-tree and PM-tree structures we try to compensate the exponencially growing data abundance in protein databases and also explore the possibilities the similarity searching.</td>]
[<td>The following project considers creating of generator of UML sequence diagrams based on C# source codes. This document also contains description of third party products used in developement process. The products are source code parser and Enterprise Architect
cooperation interface.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of a mathematic-physical engine under the Mantichora project . Mantichora is a team-based, multi-annual project. Its goal is to create a flexible visual-simulation engine. The object of this thesis is creating a fully functional prototype of physical engine in order to simulate processes which take place in the solar system and establish anchorage for the following generations of Mantichora.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the project, implementation and testing of a web application which allows creation, administration and consequent searching in rooms database. The result of this work is fully functional and useable web application.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor project is focused on analysis, design and implementation of a booking system for a carsharing company. Software enables users to show car locations on the map, book a car and view statistics of their own journeys, allows the operator monitor car expenses and creation of new branches. Result of this bachelor project is functional system prepared for field test.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to create software for complete embedded solution 
for data acquisition in experimental nuclear physics based on FPGA. 
First I was concerned with embedded systems and operating systems for embedded solutions, particularly OS Linux.
In the second part of this work I described how device drivers look and 
how they are written correctly.
In the third part I gave an account of process of creating bootable Linux image and 
device drivers implementation for our embedded system. 
At the conclusion I described client-server solution for obtaining data from this dedicated embedded system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the analysis, design and implementation of AT91SAM7X microcontroller emulator. A brief description of the hardware to be emulated is given. Techniques used for microcontroller and peripheral emulation are described. Existing solutions, including Microsoft Giano, Skyeye and QEMU, are evaluated for feasibility of serving as a basis for implementation of the emulator.

Prototype implementation based on the QEMU emulator is presented and details of the implementation are outlined. The implementation is then tested on a test suite consisting of few simple demonstration programs and one real-time operating system. Suggestions for further improvements are put forward.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to acknowledge with LU decompositions algorithms their comparison
and their implementation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the work is to implement Internet reservation system for accommodation facilities. Implemented system is designed for universal and quick deployment. Reservation system contains a reservation interface for receipioning new reservations from accommodation facility
Internet sites. Reservation interface is visual modiable on wish of accommodation facility. The work also contains system analysis, testing, and a comparison with several similar solutions.</td>]
[<td>Principle of this work is implementation of pushdown automaton for prefix pattern, with its help we can search this pattern in derivation tree, which is created from any arbitrary source code of any computer program. This program code can contain only the given subset of commands C language. </td>]
[<td>My work is concerned with problematic of representation of geospatial data by means of mobile devices. It describes design and implementation of map component as one of the elements of vast, widely commercially used system. First of all the text presents theoretical accomplishments especially from the sphere of GIS which are inevitable to proper comprehension of following design of the map component. In part of the design is described not only self-architecture of component but also definition of data formats to deposition of geospatial data. Then implementation section describes chosen technologies including reasons for its application. There are also descriptions of created tools for adjusting of geospatial data.
Outcome of the work introduced simple, effective and system-efficient solution for mobile devices applications to display map bases.
</td>]
[<td>Choosing the right database system that supports XML has become a difficult problem because of the difference in functionality, performance, and expression of queries supported by available products. The submitted thesis explains the relationship between XML and databases, what types of XML documents we can recognize, and with what types of database products we can encounter in connection with XML. The main topic are the XML native database systems. The thesis describes features of four native XML database systems and provides complete results of the XMark performance benchmark.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to design, implement and to test a system for the creation
and online presentation of the climbing guide books. The thesis focuses on the desktop part
of the application. It utilizes the best practices of the software architecture and design in
order to stay easily extensible. The thesis also contains a thesis dealing with the graphical
editor implementation issue and it discusses the benefits of the third-party libraries and
frameworks. A conclusion summarizes the security gaps or the possibilities of the further
extension.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the precising of the faluts localization. For this localization is used signature chain. Output of the signature chain are compacted responses. Several programs were created for searching and localization faults. Outputs are time and part of signature chain, where the failure was detected. Considering the number of faults, the localization of all faults could not be achieved. The thesis besides deals with the application of statistically obtained data for more accurate localization. This step proved that statistically obtained data doesn\\\'t respond to the real arrangement of faults.</td>]
[<td>The thesis addresses two main questions summarized in the following two hypotheses: 1. Hypothesis A (biological): Data extracted from metabolical pathways can be used to predict the co-expression of genes. 2. Hypothesis B (methodical): By using a special logic to capture pathway patterns computational demands can be signiﬁcantly lowered compared to general ﬁrst order logic used in ILP. The ﬁrst part of the text provides the reader with a brief insight to the nature of biochemical processes inside cell. The experimental data used are described to become clear how they are represented, stored, and how they were obtained. The pros and cons of the data are discussed in relation to the problem tackled. In the second part of the thesis a new temporal logic approach to data-minig in biology is outlined and methods are explained in detail including the implementation. In the third part the experimental results on Yeast, a standard biological model, are presented and conclusions are drawn.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to create a tool, which will generate interfaces for appli-
cation in C from a description of Remote Procedure Call (RPC) interface, meant for Mach
Interface Generator (MiG). The generated interface will use HTTP protocol and XML mar-
kup language for communication and data transmission. Application of these technologies
should ensure generation of new RPC interfaces from already existing MiG descriptions. It
will be possible to use the newly generated interfaces even in cases, where it is not possible
to use interfaces generated by MiG because of it\\\'s dependencies.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to analyze, propose and implement a storage and adminis-trative module of restaurant management system. The first part of this report provides infor-mation of current possibilities of these systems. This part also consists of a background re-search report of the number of systems available on the market. Great attention is paid to pro-pose and implement the server part of system with emphasis on the use of object-oriented techniques. The result of this work is the administration and storage module and the server application.</td>]
[<td>This project takes care about design and implementation of an application which is going to be used to control Cisco IP phones virtually. This application allows view phone\\\'s display and press phone\\\'s butons, it also contains a simple skin editor to display different models. Application can be connected to several phones simultaneously.</td>]
[<td>This work describes an upgrade of simulation environment ViVAE (Visual Vector Agent Environment) for coevolution simulations. Main purpose of the work was computational acceleration of more complex scenarios and simplicity of simulator program interface.
It was reached up to ten times acceleration for common sized scenarios. Furthermore, discomfort accompanying integration to an other software was lowered, especially thanks to dynamic loading of simulated objcts. Therefore, there is no more need of source code alteration for installations.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to model functional behavior of ZigBee communication nodes, as it is described in the IEEE802.15.4 standard. The implementation was performed in the Omnet++ simulation environment. The model takes into account both radio waves propagation problems, interference and collisions between datagrams.</td>]
[<td>The work documents development of web content management system for platform PHP5/MySQL.
The reson for birth of this project was the absence of compact CMS which had code separated
into tiers and adhered to object paradigm. That\\\'s why is major attention paid to design. The -
nal application is build on the top of Model-View-Controller architecture. It strongly uses design
patterns, has very simple installation and conguration and is easily extensible. Application has
surprisingly a higher performance than widespread non-object CMSs and uses relatively little
memory.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes analysis and realization of integration CRM with accounting system LCS Helios Orange. The main subject of this work is description of the original system; financial functions transfer analysis and realization of this transfer. The connection is based on SQL stored procedures providing enough functionality for entire accounting. User interface of Helios application is also extended to assume role of the main financial management tool.

This document provides valuable information for those who search for a realization of Helios accounting system and existing CRM, e-shop or any other application based on SQL. 
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis we discuss problems of generating soft shadows in real-time. The thesis is divided into three parts. The first part represents an introduction to real-time rendering and illumination. The second part surveys the most popular shadowing methods. In the third part we present our method which exploits capability of recent graphic hardware and which produces physically correct soft shadows at interactive framerates for mediocre scenes. In the conclusion we perform an analysis of both visual and performance properties of each method and we summarize their advantages and drawbacks. We also provide a demonstrating software which implements all described methods.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the work is design and implement a modular unit for calculating modular multiplicative inversion in the division ring GF(p) according to the algorithm described in article of doc. Lórencz [2]. Implementation of this design and following simulation is performed in VHDL language. Part of this work is the analyse of spatial and temporal complexity of the final design depend on the size of the module.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with creation of WWW portals for seniors. The first part is an introduction to the fields. The analyses of some existing portals with usability tests are presented. The last part of the thesis describes design, implementation and evaluation of the Trainitg portal for seniors, which was created.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and in the first place implementation of a web server specialized on board games with discussion forum. The resulting system is based on Java Enterprise Edition and uses frameworks Spring and Hibernate, games are implemented
as Java applets communicating with the server using Java RMI.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes main themes of native XML databases, especially in the connection with Oracle\\\'s Berkeley DB XML. It discusses several problems, that are related to this type of databases, analyzes main functions and features of DB XML and compares them with its competitors in the market. In the second part thesis describes options of connection between these databases and user\\\'s applications and demonstrates one of the possible ways. Thesis provides overall summary about situation in the native XML databases market.</td>]
[<td>Analyze the requirements of ISC (International Students Club) for booting a remote operating system (preferably Linux or eventually Windows-based) and subsistent technical solutions supporting remote booting and central administration of operating system. Pursuant to the analysis propose a deployment fulfilling the requirements of ISC and experimentally verify it.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of the system for bank account management. This system provides effective management of statements and transactions, their import, export, filtering and searching. The objective of this thesis is to remove some of the shortcomings of internet banking systems in the field of passive account operations. Considering the data sensitivity, the security measures are taken into account in the design and implementation phases.
In the first part of the thesis is an introduction to the history and principles of electronic banking. The second part describes features and requirements laid on the system. The third part deals with analysis and design of the system. The fourth part attends to its implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>Project of Web Graph Service (WGS) tries to help experts dealing with Theory of Graphs, who up to the present day do not have available a sofisticated tool for easier work with extensive collections of graphs. WGS aims to build a database of graphs and their properties, which will be freely available on the Internet. A user will have an opportunity to find graphs having particular properties easily or to lear details about any single graph. This project is divided into six parts and six students because of its demandingness.

The aim of this work is to create a database of graphs\\\' properties, design of set of queries, which will verify efectivity of searching while differently complex searching conditions and execute this design and evaluate it on appropriate large set of graphs. Graphs itself are saved in different database, which cooperates with this one but does not consider building it. This database also cooperates with a user interface of other parts of the WGS project
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes standard for distributed transactions – X/Open DT. It analyses principles of technology supporting distributed transactions (JDBC, CORBA, EJB, JCA, WS-AT). For each technology it describes procedure how to implement simple application demonstrating functionality of transactions. These prototypes are developed for Websphere Application Server v6.1 of IBM company. Finally, it summarizes which technology is the most appropriate for implementation of distributed transactions in Trask Integration Framework architecture of Trask solutions company. Short description of this integration of distributed transactions is also included.</td>]
[<td>The first part of this thesis describes the principles of semantic web and the technologies used during its realization. The second covers implementation of authoring interface of an adaptive e-learning system and its following testing. This work also implies design of an adequate ontology, which is going to be used in both authoring and user interface of the system. The complete adaptive e-learning application should answer for a reference and an object of testing for similar future projects.</td>]
[<td>This work suggests a way of automated configuration of network devices based on the GNU/Linux platform. It provides the base for an expandable system, which can be used for this kind of configuration and summarizes methods for implementation of High Availability solutions and collection of statistical data from these devices.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to compare the Computer algebra systems Maple and Mathematica including the requested features. The first part introduces both systems. The following part consists of a comparative analysis of the observed features. This part is based on mathematical calculations, description of the system\\\'s functions in concrete situations and practical examples. The conclusion of the thesis will be a comprehensive review of both systems, their similarities, differences and advantages and disadvantages.</td>]
[<td>The intention of this thesis is to analyze ways of speed up sudoku puzzles solvers, propose different ways of decomposition and parallelization and choose one of the ways for implementation on Linux cluster using message passing interface (MPI). The implementation will be tested and analyzed according to standard requirements for efficiency of parallel algorithms. Weak points will be identified and optimalizations will be suggested.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with design and implementation of application for planning meetings of
groups working on team projects. This application should simplify the process of meetings
planning by proposing terms to the user, when the scheduled persons have time off together
and they could therefore participate in the meeting. Persons school timetables are used as
source of their time availability data.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to design and realize information system for users to make own website with tools for league and tournament management. The system will also be a webportal with informations about all actual leagues and tournaments. Webpages have tools for basic content management, generating of games schedule, evidence of games informations for various types of sports, discuss forum and another functions. System also has an interface for remote procedure call for getting status of seasons.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design and implementation of web designer,
including a catalogue of materials and its administration. Designer allow compile model of toy house. The application is created as a module in the publishing system Xoops.
</td>]
[<td>Content of this bachelor thesis is project and implementation cemetery management information system. In the preamble work put mind to used technologies. Next part  in the work is trash out analyse of requirements from submitter and implentation system. The system is realised as classical desktop application. For the analyse was use modelling tab UML and for the  implementation was select programming tab Java. As heap of information was select database system MySQL. 
The work is proposition in step with usage software engineering. The part of work is installation manual and user´s manual.           
</td>]
[<td>This master thesis discusses the creation software interface of web application for student projects uploading. The main part describes design and implementation of the application using Java EE technology. The main contribution is a transformation of object model to the relational schema. Next part is focused on using of the source code validation service that can to check syntactical and semantical correctness, and also checks the source code validity. Last part deals with design and implementation of the program unit focused to searching duplicities between uploaded works.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to create an application for a processig of biathlon events data in
the Czech repupblic, which supports race preparation, data management and collection,
printing and results calculation. The thesis consists of an application design based on
created analysis of biathlon events data processing technique and it\\\'s implementation.
The application is implemented in Java programming language.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents Crosscheck, in many ways a novel approach to the source code originality problem. Apart from already available tools Crosscheck utilizes the abstract interpretation and static analysis to combat plagiarized code. It successfully demonstrates both the  benefits and drawbacks of this technology and gives a direction to future research into this area.</td>]
[<td>This work describes in detail the implementation of the portlet as specified by JSR-000286, including back-end application for the providing Web services. Portlet primary function is to search topics in the final work, but you can search according to other criteria such as name of student, literature, ...

In the implementation are used technologies Hibernate and Web Service. Portlet uses components of the frameworks JavaServer Faces and JBoss RichFaces. Each of these technologies is described and work properly konfigured.

The result of the work is ready to deploy to portal solution JBoss Portal.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this bachelor thesis is to get familiarised with evolutionary algorithms and to take very close attention to one of them afterwards,algorithm called GEP (Gene Expression Programming). Subsequently the library in the language of Java is created in order to solve emerged problems easily on which the method of evolution could be applied and also implementation could be verified on program examples. The final step is to put these characteristics in practice while operating simulated robots of the project RoboCode. The outcome of the project is valuation of the library, tutorial describing work with this library and application example on a problem.</td>]
[<td>In the last few years the number of electronic devices in our environment has dramatically increased. Every device usually has its own user interface and a corresponding way to communicate with its users. These user interfaces usually differ for every single device. This can be confusing for the users, especially aged people and disabled people. It would be ideal, if we could provide a consistent user interface for all household devices. Such interface shall respect specific needs of every particular user. It is obvious that it is not in human forces to cover all the possible cases, hence an automatic solution is necessary.
This work strives to solve this problem by the automatic generation of user interface. We will show an approach how to dynamically build user interfaces in environment of a modern household. The final user interfaces are minimizing the effort necessary for the interaction with the particular devices.
On the beginning of this work there is an analysis of the state of the art user interface generators and related languages, approaches, and algorithms. Further is the attention drown on features, abilities and needs of the target users, first of all aged people. The following part describes design of the UIGenerator and its related components. We strived to make the design maximally modular to ensure simple further extensibility. Part of this thesis called “Implementation and results” shows how the particular components ware realized and contains examples of results achieved. In the conclusion of the thesis we evaluate the results and show the way, how to extend this work in the future.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to design and implement GCC back-end port for ADOP processor.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to design and implement GCC
back-end port for ADOP processor.</td>]
[<td>First part of this thesis deals about SCTP protocol. They are described its main properties and principle of functioning. It also contains overview of most used extensions and compares different ways of communication security. In the middle part is described main ideas, design and implementation of SCTP testing system. In last part are tested and compared SCTP implementations in different operating systems.</td>]
[<td>Every day online games let tens of milions players to interact in virtual worlds. The aim of
this work is to describe essential programming techniques for the developement of multiplayer
online computer games.
Theoretical part of this thesis describes the interface for creating graphical applications,
structure of the game loop, rendering and interaction with objects in the game world, data
management and also scene optimization using bounding volumes and culling techniques.
We give in depth treatment of network communication. Main network architectures and
protocols are described and compared, including their eective implementation.
Implementation part describes design of simple online game in the XNA Game Studio
3.0/.NET C# framework. The game is based on server-client architecture, which divides it
into 2 applications. Client displays the 3d scene and provides functions to handle the user
input used to interact with the game world. Server application handles game logic and sends
data to clients necessary for example to display scene objects on correct positions. Varying
times of network transmitions caused the estimation of correct object positions to be the
hardest implementation problem in the project.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this Thesis was to develope a system for education in network administration protocol SNMP, based on the OMNet++ discrete event simulation system and it`s INET framework extension. The work is a follow-up to Ing. ©ádek`s results which were published in his Thesis called SNMP administration for OMNET models. In the opening chapters the SNMP protocol and the OMNet++ simulation system are introduced to a reader. In fhe following chapter the final solution requirements are set, further the already finished part of the work is described, and the final structure of the system is suggested on the basis of their mutual comparison. The concluding part engages the details of the implementation of the system constituent elements. With C++ being the implementing programming language.</td>]
[<td>The intention of this thesis is to design and implement a software tool that will simulate and graphically display the progress of static embedding algorithms designed for parallel computers interconnection networks.
The work is focused on embedding between hypercubes, meshes, tori and complete binary trees. The resulting program will be used in parallel systems and algorithms teaching.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to create a web interface for administration
based on DokuWiki platform. Another task was monitoring of already partly
created module for project \\</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of compression algorithms for XML documents, which contain mostly natural language. In addition, it allows quering of the compressed data during only a certain part of the document decompressing. Furthermore, it describes the existing solutions of XML compressors and it contains the comparison of the achieved results.</td>]
[<td>Analyze current manner of setting and maintaining client environment. Determine
real customer needs and define final system state. Adjust metrics for later evaluation of
successful system implementation.
Find suitable products on market and give reasons for creating own system.
Choose appropriate configuration storage method (Directory services, database, XML, text
files) and suitable programming/scripting language.
Implement and test chosen solution.
Evaluate success of system implementation according to adjusted metrics.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the implementation portlet under JSR-000286 specification,
using components from JavaServer Faces framework. The aim is to enable portlet users
register their wishes regarding the study at the Department computers. The work also
describes how to use Hibernate framework a Web Service, its configuration and use as a
back-end portlet. The persistent storage is used by Oracle database. The total solution
is prepared to integration into JBoss Portal.</td>]
[<td>Identity Manager (IdM) is Sun Microsystems’ software for identity management solution. IdM provides centralized user identity control through account provisioning and auditing from single web interface. This software might be very useful for large organizations in order to reduce cost and maintain information system security.
In my diploma thesis, I begin with description of IdM functions and comparison of different approaches how to build interface with Oracle database. In the practical part of my thesis, I describe the implementation of interface between IdM and ÈVUT student information system KOS with data repository in Oracle database. This work also contains testing of implemented interface for processes regarding the identity and roles provisioning in KOS system.</td>]
[<td>    This article is trying to acquaint the reader (regardless of his previous knowledge in the
topic) with principles and features of the wireless ZigBee technology. Furthermore it describes
the Imote2 wireless sensor network node. The node is used in the implementation part of
this work – in conjunction with the GNU/Linux operation system – as a platform for ZigBee
frame sniffer, which consists of a Chipcon/TI CC2420 driver and a user space application,
providing help for those who are debugging communication over a ZigBee wireless network.
    The work is also partly dealing with the common issues of driver developement (specifi-
cally the character devices) for the Linux kernel.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with creation of a complex help module that is used by the conceptual data modelling tool ER modeller. The thesis contains summary of different help modules that are in use nowadays as well as selection of the most suitable platform and authoring tool. The next chapter covers creation of an animated help, again including a summary of available tools. In the following part the thesis describes the exact procedure of creating and editing a help system for ER modeller. </td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is the description and comparison of systems which can be used to give a shared lecture. It means a lecture where its participants are not in one room. The project focuses on systems which support the function of sharing the board and this way enable individual participants share a common sheet.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to suggest and implement the system for administration of communication, projects and business opportunities for small and middle large companies with using  of J2EE 5 and three layers architecture.   

</td>]
[<td>Recent software applications can help and guide their users if they know what tasks they are going to perform. They can, for example, provide a template for this task or provide a specific tutorial for this task.  The widely used method to discover what the users have in mind, is to ask them in advance. In this case, users are provided with a possibility to select from a specific template to work with. This work introduces a different approach that is based on recognizing tasks from users’ actions. This approach, a task model inference, is based on having: first, task models for the software and second, an algorithm that based on the users’ actions selects the one that they are performing. This study presents the way how to create the task models, the algorithms that can select among them and discusses possible extensions to these algorithms.</td>]
[<td>Travel agency Honza needs new information system, which will be flexible, fast and
will be using modern IT technologies. The system will provide management of several
warehouses and provide the necessary reports for the rapid detection of information about lots
of warehouses. This bachelor thesis deals with the design of the system and its partial
implementation.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is researching and comparing the selected tools for storage facilities available at Slovak software market. In second part of this work is analyzed software for evidence storage facilities using the BORM method. In third part conversion tool for converting models from BORM method to design model is created. In the last part is demonstrated usage of this conversion tool for implementation of the application for storage facilities based on development environment Microsoft .NET Framework.</td>]
[<td>Simulations of wireless networks play an important role in understanding wireless network properties and following the development of network standards. The aim of this thesis is to research a simulation of a relatively young network, such as standard IEEE 802.15.4, and approximate this model to reality.   The model will simulate the antenna\\\'s characteristics, which all devices implementing this standard use for communication. The accuracy of the model will be compared to the real-life measurements and the results will be evaluated.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with available methods to present data in modern way, using technologies called Web 2.0 at web portal. It also describes selection of suitable PHP framework to develop this web application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is examining the possibility and structure of OpenVRML library
and describes a design and implementation of a modular application, which serves as
the core and provides the basic communication between modules. It is also describing an
implementation of basic modules for this application, which allow browsing and working
with VRML scenes in the CAVE environment and on the computer.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is creation of wireless microphone which will transfer sound - specifically human voice into personal computer. The output of this project is design and implementation of wireless microphone with minimal dimensions and power consumption. Microchip dsPIC33FJ microprocessor with DSP capability is used. Sound is transferred via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. Sound stream is presented to other applications via virtual sound card driver. This project explains design process of wireless microphone and virtual sound card. It also explains used technologies. 

</td>]
[<td>This work describes the implementation of sixteen bit BIOS for the FAUmachine
computer simulator. The simulator already has its own BIOS implementation, and a
partly completed sixteen bit test computer. For the BIOS implementation itself, a code
generator is implemented to generate sixteen bit instructions. The code generator is
part of the compiler FAUcc. This work also deals with the preparation for compiling of
the implemented BIOS. The next phase of work are changes to the current BIOS implementation
and to the simulator to run in the test computer. The level of functionality
is presented by a sequence of BIOS screen shots before the end of the work.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis deals with problems on converting documentation of elementary and high schools of the Czech Republic into digital form, which is necessary to satisfy today\\\'s legal standards. It specifies the scope of stored data and examines information systems, which are able to handle the task. The results of this analysis are used to prepare a design of a new system and to create a correspondent implementation. Focus of the design is to develop a more suitable architecture with simple and efficient user interface. This is done by extensive use of web technologies. The implementation is then thoroughly tested in the target environment of middle sized elementary school. Results of the test are used to outline the continuation of the development.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with optimalization of rendering of large 3D scenes with the assistance of View Frustum Culling technique. It describes how View Frustum Culling works and which data structures are used in this technique.

The thesis contains implementation of data structures and comparison of their effectiveness on the 3D scene of an urban area. In the end it concludes advantages and disadvantages of these data structures.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an analysis and implementation of a modular application kernel for 3D graphical data processing. The thesis also includes several basic modules for importing graphical data and their rendering. The project should become a base for a multipurpose application for 3D graphical data processing and should significantly simplify the cooperation between developers working on its future improvement.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to implement a new perl module for displaying events in the style of
google calendar. It will be used by Calendar plugin for enterprise wiki system TWiki, which
is widely used by multiple corporations. Its principle originates from an old module which
oers basic calendar functions. This older module is very plain and graphical representation
of displayed events is unsatisfactory and unpractical. The new module should massively
improve its graphical presentation and update some of its functions.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with usage of technology Model View Controller (MVC) and one of the most modern implementation this technology ASP .NET MVC. The thesis is separated for two parts. The first part theoretically describes both technologies. The second part shows usage of technology on promotive application. </td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to describe a development of aplications in Java and GWT.
Content of this paper is from one piece a recherche and from other piece an implementation. At
the beginning a reader familiarizes aspecially with technologies Spring, Hibernate and GWT.
The implementation of a concrete application is based on these technologies. A conclusion
contains an evaluation of the project.</td>]
[<td>This work tries to compare options, which offers multithread programming using Java and OpenMP library for C++. It contains brief list of options offered by both technologies. Further it contains several simply demonstrations of algorithms implemented by those technologies. And finaly it compares speed of those programs. 
So product of my work is evaluation which library offers better options, which is better for implementation of certain algottihms, and which is better from sight of eficiency.</td>]
[<td>The work examines proposal of metaheuristics switching technique for optimalization problems. There are implemented selected metaheuristics and metaheuristics switching algorithm - simulated annealing, genetic algorithm and ant colony optimalization. Performance of algorithms is tested on travelling salesman problem.</td>]
[<td>This thesis designs and implements statistical data processing module in Java. This module provides statistical evaluating of inductive models. Part of this thesis is introduction to statistical interface of the R language. R is measurement standard in statistical world. Statistical evaluating can evaluate correctness of the model learning. The first part is retrieval of the statistical libraries, models theory and statstical theory. Second part is aimed at implemetation and integration statistical methods into module. </td>]
[<td>The work is focused on analysis of data from the production foundry system OPTI. The
purpose is creation of specialized tools for economics, staff and business department of
company Slévárna HEUNSICH, a. s. Current inconvenient tools should be partially
replaced by this.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with threats spreading through electronic mail. Especially with still increasing problem with junk e-mail and computer viruses. It provides an overview of several existing solutions to face up to this threats. Both commercial and open source. From a work experience it tries to show that design and build own solution is not so complicated and can lead to good results. That is illustrated on data from normal operations.  
 
</td>]
[<td>This master’s thesis is a part of a larger project, which is solving by more students and which goal is to create an electronic system for support the education of the selected courses on the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
This part is focused on graph algorithms and its goal is to create an universal program environment for working with the graphs, which allows implementing demonstrations of the graph algorithms.</td>]
[<td>FelPay is a web application that implements the basic interface of e-payment system. It supports secure and intuitive management of electronic wallet and transfer of electronic money. The system supports the following types of payments: direct payment, electronic check and request payment. The system is controlled through a web interface or application interface. 
The system is implemented in C # and ASP.NET for platform. NET, it can be applied to all systems that support the platform.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis discusses theoretical and practical issues in wireless driver development on Windows platform.
In introduction is described in particullar basic structure of Windows operating system and specifics of device driver development over application development. Follows description of main technologies of interaction between device drivers and parts of operating system, i.e. Windows Driver Model, Windows Driver Foundation and focusing on network technologies Network Driver Interface Specification and Windows Native 802.11.
Second part of thesis contains analysis of current technologies of wireless network device drivers and describes implementation of a driver compliant to Windows Native 802.11 specifications.
</td>]
[<td>Training of the GAME neural network is very time consuming task. Time required to create a successful model increases with size of training set. This thesis investigates methods for data reduction (data condensing). Presented methods reduce number of instances in training set and in this way methods reduce time required to train GAME neural network and also reduces amount of memory required during the training process. The important requirement set on condensing methods is that reduced training set must produce a model with the same or similar accuracy as a model created on the not reduced set.
Result of this work is implementation of selected methods for data condensing into data preprocessing module of the FAKE GAME project. The implemented condensing methods were tested using the GAME neural network and 1 – NN classifier on several real-world and artificial datasets.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of interpreter of Pascal programming language and it’s web user interface. Interface supports creating, managing and debugging of source code. Main goal is to prove that even today, Pascal can by used for teaching programming skills.</td>]
[<td>Solving of Griddlers consist in founding hidden image using the legend, determining the number of continuous fields of same color in particular row and column. There are two types of Griddlers: two-colored and multicolored. Griddler can contain fields, consisting of two colors.
I have programmed an application that allows Griddlers to create, to modify and to solve. Its user interface provides the user of many features sweetening his work, for example highlights the selected row and column, on user reqest zooms in or out the Griddler, or returns the steps of user solving process.
Important part of the application is an solving algorithm. After run, the algorithm tries to solve the Griddler. The algorithm implements some methods commonly used in solving of Griddlers, such as the method of overlapping counting, and introduces a new idea to solve Griddlers using regular expressions, which is very powerful tool.
</td>]
[<td>This document describes algorithms and data structures used while developing application Schematic editor of electronic circuits. Application supports execution in various operating systems, allows visual creation of electronic schemes and supports data export.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this work is to create a user interface for modelling heart muscles. As a
default method for modelling is used method Monte Carlo. The program proceeds from
studies of physiology of creation agitation in hearth muscle and modelling phase transition</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is do develop an application for the company SwissCEE Agency s.r.o. which should be capable of managing translational services. The purpose of translation service is to receive orders from customers for a translation of a text from one language to another. The coordinator assigns translator to particular order. He uses several criteria to do this, for instance knowledge of the source language and target language, translator’s experience and time flexibility etc. This system has the objective to automatize this process which would lead to reduction of errors or delays. The application provides the coordinator, translators and customers a faster and safer processing of their translation orders.</td>]
[<td>The function of this work is to explore the spreadsheet file formats (XLS, ODS). Then use
these experiences for the implementanion of import/export spreadsheet data in to the GAME
system. The first part of this work is aimed at the explanation of the spreadsheet file formats
and the sesond part is aimed at the design of the solution and its implementation.
</td>]
[<td>The content of this work is design and implementation processes for extraction, transformation and loading data into datawarehouse expressed by diagrams. Then also to design objects of this datawarehouse on base of cleaned data, which provides the authority, and the definition of tables of facts and dimensions. The work also deals with the selection of appropriate OLAP server for processing multi-dimensional data and implementation of lean client for gathering knowledge of the proposed datawarehouse. Introductory chapter offers a theoretical familiarization to the problems of datawarehouse and it concurs the rest of the work with regard to the design and implementation of this warehouse.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes a method
     constructing and an implementation of
     a parallel tree pattern matching (TPM) algorithm.
     Sequential TPM is described in T. Flouri, B. Melichar, J. Janou¹ek:
     Tree Pattern Matching by Pushdown Automata.
     The main goal was to parallelize sequential TPM according to
     known ideas from parallel $LL$ parsing.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this diploma thesis is to analyze, design and implement an application for creation interactive forms, in that will be easy create any form. This created form will provide functionalities like perform calculations, distribution data between form arrays, reading data from database, reaction on events. This work started from completed analyse of available products in the market. On the basis of this analyse were made concrete goals and main requirements for my application.</td>]
[<td>This work presents the results of numerous weeks we spent implementing the Quadratic sieve algorithm and its optimizations. It mainly focuses on describing the influence of all implemented optimizations of the algorithm but also discusses its behaviour based on the difficulty of the factored number. The result of our work is not only a detailed description of the influences which several parameters have on the algorithm, but also an analysis of the implementation issues and possibilities of further improvement. All conclusions are supported by a vast number of tests.</td>]
[<td>This baccalaureate thesis is concerned with the graphic representation of a programme acting in the operative system for CNC machines. Its substance is the development of a module for this system, which, with the help of a programming COM model, will connect with this system and get necessary information. Afterwards, the information obtained is to be represented on the screen with the help of Direct3D. The chief part of the development of this module, therefore, will be the necessity of a correct understanding of the COM and Direct3D technologies.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes various kinds of minimum spanning tree algorithms. For each algorithm the best graph representation is chosen. The selection of the proper graph representation is confirmed by an experimental analysis. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation simulator of electronic signal box which uses  JOP  interface.  It presents existing solution and shows new perspective of solutions partial problems. This bachelor thesis shows a concrete  implementation of these solutions in complete simulator. </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of web portal, designed for specific needs of Miskovice u Prahy infant school. Thesis includes database design, user interface, analysis and particularly implementation of this system. Implementation makes use of modern techniques using design patterns and Zend web application framework. This work also includes short topic about performance tuning of PHP and Apache web server.

Primary goal of this system is to simplify communication between parents and infant school, with emphasis on simple usage. Implemented system allows users to simply manage web presentation content, in order to serve information about actual events. Essential feature is agenda of hobby groups held by the school. That includes advertising and managing current or newly created groups. Main feature is aimed on parents - it allows them to sign or sign out their children using simple web form. In order to simplify communication with parent, it is also possible to send electronic apologies or other messages using SMS service.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis is about creating of new web pages for Taekwon-Do ITF Sonkal
Praha. There are analysis and design created based on the submitter\\\'s requirements. As
the means of implementation are used PHP and Zend Framework. Everything follows the
Unied Process methodics. The outputs of this thesis are the project documentation and the
functional demo implementation of the websites.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement information system to ensure the digitization of exams, evaluation, grading and provide results of exams to other
information systems, particularly to Student\\\'s Crutch.</td>]
[<td>In the World there are many small software companies and individual developers, who often produce useful software. Because of bad publicity many of them are not among a wider range of users. Whether you install the server, or the creation of web pages needed to promote their products requires some knowledge and time. Outsourcing these activities require indispensable funding. The thesis examines the existing options and provide solutions with minimum cost.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the implementation of an industrial communication protocol as specified by the standard ISO IEC 61850. This protocol is based on a number of other protocols, the concepts and solutions of which are also described in the thesis, either partially or completely. The result of this work is a library for the C++ programming language (compilable under the MS Windows and Linux operation systems) which implements those functions of the protocol IEC 61850 that are necessary to access the devices communicating by this protocol. This library should enable creating of applications for
acquiring data from these devices. 

Protocol IEC 61850 is interconnected with protocol MMS (Manufacturing Message Specification - ISO 9506-1, 9506-2), which also needed to be partially implemented. Since the MMS protocol has more uses than just being a communication layer for the IEC 61850, a C++ library implementing this protocol has been created as a by-product of the thesis. This library was than employed in the implementation of the IEC 61850 library and it can be also used to create new applications that employ the MMS protocol.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this work is to design and implement a modulary system, which is able to process formal languages and perform defined operations on them. The resulting system is designated especially for academia in order to simplify work with formal languages and their education.
</td>]
[<td>This work analyses the evolution of architecture of microprocessors compatible with IBM PC from 2000 to the present (2008) and provides a comparison of architectures and an overview of~new technologies implemented in the CPUs of leading producers Intel Corporation and Advanced Micro Devices. The main factors that influenced the development in recent years are the limits of current production technology and expansion of mobile PCs.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to analyze, define and implement information system for bills which is suitable for small companies. The system shall allow creation of pro-forma invoices and tax documents using web browser. It is implemented using PHP 5 scripting language with addition of MVC ZendFramework, JavaScript, AJAX and CSS. Whole application communicates with relational database MySQL. The work is documented according to the principles of software engineering and the administrator\\\'s manual is also included.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This Bachelor’s thesis deals with a task to create and apply a batch file under Windows Operating
System. The batch file makes possible Controlled Sequential-Circuit Test Generation Process
Automation. It employs an analysis of an input file, the adjustable re-ordering of a scan
chain in the input file, cutting a sequential circuit described within the input file into combinational
sub-circuits, and test vector generation for the sub-circuits. A next step in the data-flow
description consists of fault simulation for each of the sub-circuits. The whole process of automation
inside the batch file is driven by Test Information Analyzer and a Controller of the Test
Generation Process, which holds a position as a main manager for the batch file. Inputs as
well as outputs are given in advance. Experiments, concluding the implementation part of this
thesis, have a verification function to prove the correctness of the batch file run. An influence
of batch file parameters on a final test is summarized as well.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor’s thesis deals with the analysis and design of new web structure scientific work CEG - Center of Experimental Geotechnics Faculty of Civil Engineering Czech Technical
University in Prague. Analysis of the current structure is based not only from web metrics
and statistics analyzer Google Analytics, but also their own, defined metrics associated with
the parsed web structure.
The final draft optimized structure is composed of two part. The optimized structure
of the analysis and the requirements of CEG. The implementation is then chosen suitable
webframework, which implements the final web structure. The result should be the implementation
of such structures, which corresponds to findings from the analytical part. The
rate of success and good proposal is verified by reverse analysis of new structures using their
own metrics and web-based analyzer.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with unconventional methods of tunneling IP packets from internal network to the Internet that may be useful when having only limited access to the Internet. A preamble summarizes  well-known solutions and then the first part follows that describes how to encapsulate data from UDP packets into ICMP Echo and ICMP Echo Reply packets. The second part considers tunneling UDP data by means of DNS queries and responses via DNS servers. The thesis includes implementation both DNS and ICMP method. It is possible to set up an IP tunnel over ICMP or DNS in connection with OpenVPN. Performace tests of such a tunnel are included. There are suggestions at the end how to improve implementation.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to create a graphical user interface for an interactive tool for the design of logic circuits, ABC. This interface should simplify work with this tool and make this work more effective. This publication describes the design, implementation and control of application. Furthermore, there is described testing of a program and finally in the end of this work there is discussion of the possible continuation of the development of the application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of an informational system for organizing trips. Based on the analysis of existing solutions this work brings a draft of an application that meets the needs of a specific segment of the software market. The work also includes database design, user interface analysis and design of architecture and subsequent implementation. Implementation makes use of modern development techniques such as Web 2.0, and includes number of design patterns in the context of the architectural framework. The application is implemented in a web environment, which puts specific demands on the analysis and design as well as on the implementation, testing and the actual deployment. As a part of this work the analysis (in the form of UML diagrams) and a detailed description of the project architecture is included. Another part of the work focuses on the performance tuning of the web applications on Apache + MySQL + PHP platform.
The proposed system therefore provides the management of users, with emphasis on their interaction in the spirit of the Web 2.0 concept. It also provides management and planning of trips and the subsequent discussion about them. Another feature is management of multimedia content, which means the addition and management of photos (attached to trips and points of interest). Points of interest are specific places that users are able to select on the map, attach pictures and comments. For each trip the system allows to manage trip’s route and the journals. Those are participants-written entries related to each trip.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with Sparx Enterprise Architect application interface. Describes how to use internal application modules (add-ons) and external access interface to UML model repositories. The work also contains a software able to calculate metrics and checks over projects created in Enterprise Architect.</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor\\\'s Project inspects and discusses improvements of the university electronic teaching evaluation system -- Anketa CTU. Primary aim of the project is to finalize and deploy a new version of the system. This involves some fundamental changes and a set of small improvements in the code. The project introduces a brand new function for university deparments: to create individual evaluation surveys. It also enables inserting of surveys during a school term (and not only after its end, as it is now).

In the first part, the basic components of developing a web application are introduced. Previous implementation and its drawbacks are assessed in accordance with discussion and implementation of new solutions of problematic sections. In the second part, improvement of the user interface and added features is described. Lastly, possibilities of the application testing are mentioned and the results of the Bachelor\\\'s Project (according to its requirements) are summarized.</td>]
[<td>TeamTask is an information system to support the teamwork of students and their coordination by teachers. Students have available via web interface area, in which they can together communicate, transfer information, share documents, and deal with their thoughts and their ideas. The system can create exercise under the semester and in this exercises system can create teams, which leads Team Leader. Users are assigned to teams, in which they solve their specific projects. Teachers supervise the conduct of instruction, checking the result of work and evaluate students during the semester.

For creating web applications I used technology ASP.NET in language C#.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis requirements, use cases, design and implementation of information
system for department of training in McDonald\\\'s company.
In first part of the work deals with analysis of the system.
Second part of the work deals with design and subsequent alternation implementation of the system.
Last part of the work deals with testing of the system.</td>]
[<td>This work is concentrated on developing applications in mobile environment.
The main goal of this work is to developed an application, called BattleShips, which is an
electronic form of a famous social game knows as “Lodì”. The application is based on
J2ME CLDC and MIDP platform and it provides two types of game, network one-player
game against CPU on a local device and two-player game against themselves on two
mobile devices using Bluetooth technology for communication.
The also describes error states raised in network communication and suggests
their solution.
Except for practical skills this work also describes and explains main principles and
features of both used technologies, J2ME and Bluetooth.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the machines monitoring system is to offer tool for monitoring and evaluation of usage of individual machines, fast overview of actual machine state and information forwarding in case of machine error.</td>]
[<td>In this work is given the objective to design and implement a program allowing to classify an individual considered a failure in the configuration bitstream for a simplified model similar to FPGAs from Atmel AT40.</td>]
[<td>This paper is about tree pattern matching for trees in prefix notation, which is an important part of Computer Science. Tree pattern matching is for example usually used in symbolic computation or in nonprocedural programming languages. The basic element is pattern matching pushdown automata, which is constructed according to pattern. This paper is about new kind of pushdown automata, which can be constructed in linear time and so can do pattern matching in linear time. The paper shows construction, optimalization and determinisation of pattern matching pushdown automata. In conclusion is the functionality demonstrated by the help of practically instance.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this writing is to get familiar with private virtual web and also protocols, which are used during tunneling, encryption and data transmission. My work will include testing of several types of virtual private webs with their descriptions. At the end there will be an evaluation regarding the financial and security parts to know which type of web is suitable for medium size company.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes process of automatic image stitching. In detail characterizes function
of fractional methods. In bigger part presents the method SIFT, which performs keypoint
detection and description in an image. The paper next describe searching for keypoint
correspondences from two images. At the conclusion achieved results in implementation is
summarized.</td>]
[<td>This project aims to bring speech-oriented Internet browsing experience to handheld devices and mobile audio players. These devices does not have the computation capabilities to transform text into speech and therefore it is necesary to perform these transformations server-side. For limited connectivity the whole server-client comunication is performed on standard PC and only the results are transfered to handheld device.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with problems connected with persistense of XML data focusing in particular on the area of native XML database systems. Main purpose of this work is to design and implement custom configurable binary storage for XML documents, that will become a part of the native XML database system with modular architecture ExDB.</td>]
[<td>This work represents the result of implementation of library allowing usage of GPU for common computation. Today\\\'s graphic hardware often has more raw power then the CPU itself. Developer tools are being constantly improved and are also freely available. 

</td>]
[<td>This work is about design and implementation of measuring temperature with help of Palmtop and PIC microprocessor family. System reads temperature from four temperature sensors. Data have been diplayed on the PDA’s display and data have been sended to other clients connected to a network. In this document is described technique of sampling output signal from sensor and its conversion to the temperature. Furthermore in the last part of the document is described the technique of programming applications under Palm operation system.</td>]
[<td>Ruby is young, pure object-oriented programming language which became quite popular during last few years. Despite its popularity, performance of its reference implementation is poor - in comparison with other well established languages such as Java or Smalltalk. This thesis describes architecture and implementation of SmallRuby - a Ruby compiler for the Smalltalk/X virtual machine. This thesis also presents results of benchmarks showing that SmallRuby is much faster than other implementations of Ruby language.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this thesis is to design and implement a pilot version of a general schema editor. Possible elements and links are defined by the configuration. Every element and link can have attributes, which describes their properties. The editor could have an ability to import and export data to XML (XMI) format. </td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to create multiplatform environment for developing of firmware of processor DOP in version 3. This environment has to be compatible with today\\\'s simulator, that is used in education. But this environment should be more user friendly and more synoptic.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on evolution algorithm designed to produce neural networks HyperNEAT (Hypercube-based NeuroEvolution of Augmented Topologies) to control mobile agents  in simulation environment called ViVAE (Visual Vector Agent Environment). The simulated agent\\\'s goal is to learn obstacle avoidance  and to find the target as quickly as possible by driving on road with highest possible average speed. The generated neural network processes three different inputs - surface quality, obstacles and distance to the target.</td>]
[<td>The essay is considered with study of creation of halo phenomena, which are creating
by diffraction and refraction of sunrays on a small hexagonal crystals in atmosphere.
Essay is describing different types of phenomena and conditions of appear. Further work
is focusing on describing of few methods of computer simulation halo phenomena, based
on ray tracing method. The part of the text is comparison between simulations methods
and description of implementation of application, which combines some of this methods.
At the end of essay are compared images of phenomena generated by simulators, each
using different method, with images of real halo phenomena.</td>]
[<td>In this work is described and programmed one of exact algorithms for set covering problem, so called hybrid algorithm, that combines greedy algorithm, Lagrangian heuristic,
In this work is desribed and programmed one of exact algorithms for set covering problem, so called hybrid algorithm, that combines greedy algorithm, Lagrangian heuristic,
non-binary genethic algorithm and L-class enumeration. Also alternative variant of the
algorithm that replace genethic algorithm by simulated annealing is programmed. Covering problem occurs in several elds of computer science, logic synthesis and reliability
analysis. Solving the covering problem may be sometimes rather time-consuming. Performance of hybrid algorithm and its alternative variant is studied and compared to the
AURA exact algorithm. Hybrid algorithm is incorporated to the program BOOM.</td>]
[<td>Content of this thesis is designing and implementing functional solution of controlling personal computer with mobile phone and its wider usage as user interface in household. The result of the implementation is desktop application - server for communicating with mobile phone via Bluetooth providing the phone with information interface.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This work presents a 2D pattern matching algorithms measurement tool. One of the
goal of this work was to remake and expand tool, which allows automated and inter-
active measuring and evaluation of 2D searching algorithms. The tool consists of two
parts – interactive based on previous work of Peter Chytil and non-interactive. The pur-
pose of the interactive part is to support interactive measurments and represent results
and measuring data. The non-interactive part is completely new and allows scripted
measurements and manipulation with measuring date.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis deals with the wave field theoretical description, its properties and interferometric wave field phase evaluation and modulation methods in optics. Furthermore in this thesis there is described a phase shift implementation in the two beam interferometer by the use of the Physik Instrumente LISA P-753.1CD nanostage. The final part of the thesis deals with the wave field evaluation and developed application tests results.</td>]
[<td>Topic of my bachelor thesis is application which find and visualize all repeats of tree in prefix notation. Part of the thesis is description of algorithms for finding repeats and also user manual of application. There are several test samples of inputs for application with explanation at the end of thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focusing on creating web interface for administration of linux server. This thesis is trying to offer simplification to people, which are not familiar with configuring services by editing text files. This simplification is a web interface where users should make all basic actions and easily configure services running on the server.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces centralised repository for structured representation of log messages. Repository is informed about message format, generated by daemons, allows to describe new formats and its API implements possibility of queries over particular attributes extracted from analysed log messages. System facilitates development of additional modules (for example searching for security anomalies, statistical analysis). The project contains basic web user interface for searching through gained data body.
Part of the thesis is documentation of selection of components and functional and data model. Extensive part of the text addresses prototyping of several possible repository types and their features and performance characteristics. The ending part follows important attributes of implementation and its testing. User and administrator handbook is also attached.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this Bachelor’s Degree Project is to simplify, streamline and speed up  the process of picking of source code from suppliers. Objective is to create program, which will be able to build up result information about status of source code and about status of~compliance of formal criteria accordance with configurable parameters.
The program is integrated into a developer engine IDE Eclipse, where is able execute formal validations of files or projects. Settings are changeable through a graphic user interface. Structure of objects, which are searched out in source code, is defined into the configuration files. Choices of applicably rules and validation of object are processed when object has been recognized. The result of the validation is exported into preparing model, or into the text file.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a concept and realization of sound subsystem for educational board Spartan-3E - Starter Kit. It shows basic principles of processing sound and demonstrates it on implemented
FIR filter. It includes also contains a guide book like an educational material. The design was checked by usability test with success.</td>]
[<td>This thesis investigates the possibility of porting the virtualization tool VMware Player to the OpenSolaris operating system using the BrandZ technology. It provides the detailed description of the VMware Player architecture including the implemented virtualization
technique and the required kernel modules. It explains the necessary BrandZ modifications, which enable the interfaces of these kernel modules, describes the process of their porting to OpenSolaris kernel and shows the possibility of VMware Player execution on OpenSolaris.
The results are compared with the virtualization tools Qemu and
VirtualBox.

Keywords: virtualization, VMware Player, OpenSolaris, BrandZ</td>]
[<td>The goal of this study is to explore possibilities of Gecko framework, which is used in Mozilla Thunderbird and to implement addon, which allows IM communication over XMPP protocol.</td>]
[<td>ChronoPhobia is 3D first person shooter game, where action and logic is combined, which makes unique concept. This project uses my bachelor work as a base, which improves and adds new posibilities and functions. Thats actually a summary of the assignment. The most important parts of implementation were collision detection and reaction, 3D animated models with skeletal animation, rendering with BSP tree and lightmaps and graphical user interface. Thanks to this project I got many knowledge and experiences from game development.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is focused on design and implementation of a system for static Java code analysis. Two interfaces have been designed - web and on-line. </td>]
[<td>A goal of this thesis is to become acquainted with algorithms of solving large sparse linear
equations systems, concretely with algorithms of Gause\\\'s elimination, LU-decompostion, CG
(method of conjugated gradient) and BiCG (method of Biconjugate gradient), implement
them and compare their performance.</td>]
[<td>My diploma thesis is a documentation of analysis and implementation of Internet Information System for non profit company Arkadie. In this document are described all activities that are needed for creating software system. After case study based on communication with customer continues with analysis of requests and technology selection. In next part whole system is implemented, tested and user guide for system is created. At the end of the work is review of selected technologies, implementation and possibilities for next development.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis focuses on the multiagent simulation in highway traffic. Multiagent
approach offers powerful solution to create simulations of such complex systems as fully
automated highway system is. The platform derives benefits from many of its advantages,
such as cooperation and interaction abilities of autonomous agents. It is also fully
distributable on more computers, which allows of testing more sophisticated scenarios on
large highway infrastructures.
A part of this thesis is to design and implement the simulation world and creation realistic
highway infrastructure, which is the main environment for testing various scenarios of noncooperative
agents.
The main goal is to design and implement non-cooperative agents with physical model
approached to real world physical model with focused on collision avoidance, smooth drive
and efficient capacity of highway. The designed logic and its behaviour are explained there.
The final part concerns testing it with various scenarios in simulation and comparing it with
cooperative agent follow explanation the differences between them and their influences on
density and flow of the highway traffic.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with web information system for presentation and support of every-day life of a research group. It is built up on DokuWiki platform using PHP programming language and technology. In the beginning, analysis of requirements is presented. Design of extensions, with respect to DokuWiki principles, covers following section of the thesis. Implementation including  guides and documentation is presented in the next part. Testing and future plans conclude the thesis.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to implement perl plugin for processing TWiki site with events into file in iCal format. This plugin also provides input data for another plugin, which displays dynamic calendar. Actually this plugin is an upgrade of an already written plugin. It offers expanded types of events and additional functionalities.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the development, and consequently with the implementation of an information system for aircraft maintenance license management. Purpose of this system is to simplify administration relating with license apllicant registration and with test organization. The developed application has also ability to generate reports. A contribution of this work is not only the functional system, but also utilisation of ASP.NET, MSSQL, EntityFramework, and implementation based on MVC architecture.</td>]
[<td>In my thesis I deal with a development of web application for management of database for a road sign classifier. Web application will be implemented with JAVA with framework Struts and connected with MySQL database. Final application will operate on the application server Apache Tomcat. I pursue a design of database and dividing user roles. In implementation chapter I describe an implementation process and his especial problematic parts. Final application is tested with Apache JMeter and users too.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis and design functions of a dynamic information system, design of persistent data storage and dynamic viewing of the data on the client side. The work is realized using the UML language and the main features of Unified Process methodic. The final system allows managing of data that is stored in relational database. The information System is designed with great emphasis on the simple scalability of the system of individual attributes as well as throughout the modules.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to show the development potentiality of web applicatons based on Java platform. The thesis consists of a background research part and an implementation part. In the first part I acquint the reader with few basic terms and afterwards with concrete technologies such as Spring, Hibernate or JUnit. Then I describe the principle of development using agile methodologies. Knowledge gained from the theoretical introduction
is then used to implement the skill management system in a company. In the conclusion I appraise the benefits of used technologies and the system itself.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the bachelor thesis is to implement an application of virtual reality which allows user to project movies on the projection screen in the cinema. The modelled reality is a cine cabin equipped with unmechanical type of cine projector Meo 5 X. User is supposed to prepare the film in the projector and project the whole movie separed into several reels according to basic principles of movie projection in small cinemas. The behavior of projector under operation is constructed to be the most similar to a real projection device. Application is a proper simulator for early projectionists.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this text is to acquaint the reader with a new language for writing grammars and translation into grammar form used by an utilities JastAdd / Beaver. In the first part of this text, the reader get acquainted with the principles of modular grammar and its translation
capabilities. The second part is focused on the description of the implementation of the grammar and the compiler. The conclusion is discussed the benets and the future of the
entire project.</td>]
[<td>This work implememts library which is able to measure profiles of rails. This is made by laser camera and special rail-running trolley. Process of measurement make series of 2D profiles prepared to reconstruct 3D image of original rail.

With this library you can measure profiles, length and process data. In this work is decribed especially part processing raw signal from camera to image usable to view by eye.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design of a modular manipulator for small robotics platforms. The goal 
of this work is a creation of mechanical, electronic and software solution for mobile robotics 
education. At first, the types of manipulators are described. Next follows the list of existing 
solutions, which are frequently used in mobile robotics. Following part deals with the design 
and the construction of the machanical part of manipulator. Next part contains the electrical 
diagrams of the control modules. Next part deals with the software solution for the control 
modules and the main computer. The last part contains the results of manipulator testing 
in Eurobot competition. </td>]
[<td>The main goal of this diploma thesis is to provide the analysis, proposal and implementation of the web tool used in order to manage the requests of the software project on the platform ASP.NET. The described tool comprises a revision system and is particularly helpful to secure quality when entering and following requests as well as the errors occurred. Additionaly, the tool enables a user to keep under control a current version of a project task. The primary function of the system is therefore to achieve a better organisation of user reqest flows.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the project is to design and implement an information system that will serve as a central point for receiving, solving and management of requests, entered by client of IT service. The system will categorize these requests and record their life cycle until they are resolved. Application will automatically notify the submitter or the solver of the request in the course of changing its status. It is required, that the design of the system complies the principles of Incident and Problem Management, defined in ITIL.</td>]
[<td>Optimization problems are ubiquitous. From data analysis and financial planning to modeling of chemical processes or design. There are many ways to their solution which range from purely numerical, hybrid to those inspired by nature. The diversity and complexity of the individual approaches and implementations is causing problems in understanding them. This thesis focuses on creations of instruments for optimization method testing and inspection. One of its main goals is simplicity. Simplicity not only for the end user but also for the
optimization problem and method implementation creator. And thus seeks to attract both.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with comparison of tools that are used in the development of software projects. In the first part there are described and compared four open source tools for source code management: CVS, Subversion, Git and Mercurial. The second part describes and compares issue tracking tools: Bugzilla, Trac, Mantis and Eventum. The last part is devoted to the implementation of interconnection Subversion and Bugzilla.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis resumes on diploma thesis by Jaroslav Pachola from january 2007. It describes widening web based database of benchmarks for testing of logic synthesis algorithms. Database of benchmarks utilizes HTML, CSS and AJAX on client side and PHP,
PostgreSQL and Python on server side. It allows to catalogue benchmarks, search them using various criteria and download benchmark files that match those criteria – individually or all at once. The objective of this thesis is to design and implement capability of adding results of benchmarks, capability of organizing the benchmarks into categories and some small functions. The thesis is concerned with describing design and implementation, safety problems and testing. The thesis is complemented by source code, installation guide and user guide.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to design and implement an original multiplayer game played
via web browser. I have created a control model, that isnt much common in these days
web games - a direct controling of game elements through a graphical map, without
using technologies such as Flash. The got closer to mechanics of classic PC games with
emphasis on controls comfort. I have achieved these goals by using modern technologies,
such as .Net, AJAX and LINQ. Combining these technologies, I have designed an ecient
system for transporting and processing information between klient and server in both
ways and saving it to the database. This way I have managed to design basic mechanisms
of the application and create a working model of a game with a comfortable and easy
to use user interface. Most of the application works asynchronously, therefore avoiding
frequent refreshing of the whole page, which makes controling the game much more
pleasant for the user.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes the characteristics of processors IBM / PC compatible, and explanation of basic technologies used in these processors. There are described processors from companies Intel Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), VIA Technologies, and also two separately described processors, they are the Cell processor and the processor Xenon.

In the first part of the thesis are described the basic characteristics of existing processors, from the above mentioned companies as well as two separately processed processors. There are explained the basic architecture in this section, that are used in processors from companies Intel Corporation and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD).

In the second part of the thesis are mentioned either currently existing or planned only processors from the three above mentioned companies. There are described their well known specifications and the expected features that these processors should have. There are also explained the new architecture on which these processors will be built.

The third part of the work describes established benchmarks, the way these benchmarks work and shows examples of results achieved.</td>]
[<td>This work studies algorithms and routines of artificial intelingence. Some of these algorithms and routines are aplicated in created graphic enviroment of action computer game.</td>]
[<td>This study concerns an analysis, a draft and an implementation of an application meant for the communication between a citizen and an office of a governmental institution. This system consists of a graphic tool for designing of forms which is called a form editor and a web application designed for receiving the electronically submitted declaration of taxes.
Form editor is a tool for designing of forms issued by the respective governmental institutions which uses the components of the HTML language.
Based on the graphic draft and set attributes of the components, it is able to generate an HTML code of the form. The editor then allows the forms to be submitted to the respective application on the server s side. It is executed with the help of the Java Swing technology. The web application of the Electronic registry is an information system which is used to accept and forward the electronically signed declarations and replies. It gives the clerk a full overview of all actions he made. The respective forms are submitted with a help of a configuration file or via the form editor. The application logic on the server\\\'s side is implemented via the Java platform with the help of the JSP technology which uses the Tomcat container and PostgreSQL database. The client only needs an internet browser supporting JavaScript and Java plug-in for JRE.</td>]
[<td>This study concerns an analysis, a draft and an implementation of an application meant for the
communication between a citizen and an office of a governmental institution.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this project is to develop system, which could connect two communication protocols. The first protocol is
widely used SNMP and the second one is optimized XML-based protocol. The document describes implementation of the system which
includes several optimalizations to reduce memory usage. The program is written in C++ programming language and is designed
for OS Linux.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with coding of states totally self-checking circuits (TSC) in the Field Programable Gate Arrays (FPGA). 
Heart of this thesis is evaluate used area for individual codes.
First part of this thesis deals with general theory of  self-checking circuits, FPGA and coding. Second part deals with testing and results of these tests.</td>]
[<td>	In this paper we present aging and weathering simulation techniques. To this category belong not only corrosion, patina, dirt, scratches, lichen growth and particle transfer between objects in virtual scene. We aim on technique that works well for a wide variety of weathering phenomena. This technique is called Visual Simulation of Weathering By γ-ton Tracing. Several effects that are challenging for existing techniques like particle transfer, “stain-bleeding” or multi-weathering effects can be readily captured by γ-ton tracing.
	In scope of activity application was created. This application can simulate corrosion, patina, lichen growth and particle transfer by setting up several parameters.   
</td>]
[<td>OpenPhoneIS is information system which facilitates private phone call`s legal obligation to small and middle organisations. System provides, on the strength of phone account and check some employee`s phone calls as private, automatic pricing to employee`s payment. On the strength of electronics bank statement, system parses income bank payments which are generated payment pair off.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the creation of individual function block for native XML database system
being developed at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, FEE CTU Prague.
The module provides a communication between database machine and client applications. The
client application could be represented by SOAP server, Web server and so on which transform
picked communication protocol to another one and vice versa.
Beside the server module is required a clear communication protocol which standardize a transferring
data format.
Another needs describes a designing and implementation of the communication library for simpli
ed mutual communication. The library is like an interface for receiving and sending messages
and is independent on used communication protocol.</td>]
[<td>This thessis discusses comparsion of web software frameworks Cocoon, Django, Grails, Ruby on Rails, Seam, Spring, Struts 2, Symfony and Zend Framework and frameworks for object-relational mapping Doctrine, Hiberate and Toplink. The target is to find comparsion criteria and use them for comparsion with regard to required framework features. Conclusions are based on experience with implementation of basic discussion forum application with these frameworks. The results of this thesis are tables of comparsion criteria, table of dependencies of comparsion criterias on required features, and subjective analysis based on implementation experience.</td>]
[<td>Object of my essay is Seam web framework application. The goal of my work is to assess this framework (introduction of its basic principles and comparison with other similar frameworks) and to design a web application for handing in semestral works. In design and implementation I focused on some unusual solutions of problems which Seam helps to carry out. Based on the experience gained during the application development I intend to assess some of framework\\\'s features, show its possible use on particular parts of my application and to asses framework\\\'s suitability for the designated application domain.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and test an evolutionary algorithm that is capable to place rectangular shapes in a plane with use of optimisation, which is judged from different points of view. Under this modelling, real problems are considered, such as VLSI chip floorplanning, simple task planning or civil engineering. Through the work and the algorithm, the optimality of the final placement is evaluated, considering the minimisation of the enclosing rectangle area; the minimisation of the perimeter; and the minimisation of the connections between the blocks.</td>]
[<td>This work contains documentation of training company information system,
which provides evidence of orders, trainings with dates, locations, instructors and learners.

The text gives an overview of the issue and used technologies
followed by a study and analysis of system functions.
A large part of the text deals with the implementation of the system itself and its automated testing. 
At the end you will find an installation manual, user\\\'s guide and a CD,
from which you can install the system easily following the included installation manual.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is contains design of “Project Management support system” to support course Software engineering. Solution is based on J2EE technology and build on Spring framework. Spring framework, Apache Tomcat, Hibernate and MySQL technology is put together into one cooperating complex. </td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is analysis and implementation of an application, which will make work with application Syslog easier and simpler. Application is intended for system administrators and it will allow filtering and analysis of Syslog messages stored in database. The theroretical part of this thesis is dealing with description of Syslog technology. In following parts, we will focus on questions of analysis, design and implementation of our solution. Next chapter is dealing with testing. In the conclusion we are judging chosen methods and decisions.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to document the development of an IT system for a elementary school. This IT system will improve the efficiency of routine work and improve communication between the school and parents. 
This thesis is divided into several basic parts. The first part deals with the technology and software used, followed by an initial study and analysis. The final part of this thesis is devoted to implementation and testing of the IT system. An installation and user guide is included as an appendix.
</td>]
[<td>This essay is about a virtual reality environment, mutual cooperation type of this and about the solving the specific problem set before. It´s talking about basic of the VRML, basic of the 3D modelling and working with some of freeware modellers too. The result of this is the virtual gallery used to placed to the internet and used to create own art gallery. 
</td>]
[<td>Tato práce se zabývá vytvoøením materiálù pro vysvìtlení a pøedvedení problematiky funkce mikrokontrolérù. Je zamìøena konkrétnì na 8bitové mikrokontroléry PIC øady 18F od firmy Microchip a jejich instrukèní sadu. Nìkteré èásti práce se vìnují problematice grafického znázornìní, interakce s u¾ivatelem a také programùm a jazykùm k tomu pou¾itých. Pøínosem práce je názornost, interaktivita grafického provedení a mo¾nost výbìru jazykové lokalizace.</td>]
[<td>This work is an initial study and architectural design of a video distribution system, a
system capable of dividing an image to subimages and distributing them to its
destinations. The objective is to make a quantitative discussion of the architecture and
qualify its scalability. It should form a basis for implementation.</td>]
[<td>This bachalor thesis represents six-month intensive endeavor of creation software analysis for
application serving for needs of whistleblowing. There has been used graphical language UML with
reference to object-oriented analysis. Documentation of this project was made as part of analysis. This
thesis is engaged in creation and edit of the documents in the end.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with a concept and implementation of a web administrative
console MTA Postfix with use of Zend Framework and with permiting of selected functions over
the XML-RPC protocol. XML-RPC is a protocol of a remote procedure call which use HTTP
protocol and allows integration with another applications. The concept uses the software
architecture MVC (Model-View-Controller), which Zend framework supports in PHP environment.
Usage of a web administrative console has its advantages in a user-friendliness and options
of rights delegacy on the single domain administrators. It as well allows the users to configure their
own email boxes.</td>]
[<td>The following thesis deals with the variant of a safe circuit designing solution using field programmable gate arrays FPGA by Xilinx company. The considered variant is the feasibility of a readback function usage in order to mutually cross-check the FPGA circuits function. This thesis contains also a case that should demonstrate the function mentioned above in laboratory environment.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this baccalaureate work is to produce a modulus that shall communicate with graphic display of definition 128x64 points. The modulus will be controlled through a serial line. With the assistance of instructions, a created protocol shall operate a graphic display. The protocol will ease working with graphic displays to such a level that everybody who can use serial lines (transmission and data receiving) and does not have knowledge of graphic displays will be able to utilise it.</td>]
[<td>Design of recombinant DNA is a description for processes of creating new combinations of DNA molecules, which are used in gene therapy for creating genetically modified organisms and cloning. This thesis deals with creating of an application, which allows creating of such DNA constructs. In addition this application simplifies some aspects of working with DNA sequences and combines many different procedures for the purpose of editing individual sequences including the search for restriction enzymes, which are a necessary part of design of recombinant DNA.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design and implementation of built-in WWW client for CellStore native XML database. It compares available web frameworks for the Smalltalk language, introduces Aida/Web library and describes new Aida-based client.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis of on-line accomodation booking system for information centres. It contains collation of existing booking systems based on created requirement catalogue. The analysis of new booking system is based on this requirement catalogue and includes description of individual use cases, description of class diagrams and activity diagram. At the end of this thesis the collation of existing booking systems and the newly analysed one is presented.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with proposal of functional prototype of ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system. Second part of this work is implementation of web client of one concrete module. It benefits from new point of view at handling ERP systems, consists of connecting proved and new progresiv methods of system design and system development.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is implementation of interactive aplication for support of teaching abstract data types. Application will visualise representative asbstract data types and graphically show their operations. Program will support singly linked list, double linked list, binary search tree and hash table.

The tesis containsan an exploration of existing implementations, analysis of requirements of application, compared implementation languages/environments and finally a description of implementation in Borland Delphi 7</td>]
[<td>This work is addressing analysis and implementation of modular information system which
is based on new technologies. It is a three tier architecture where persistence, application(
business) and client tiers are recognized. Processing of all above mentioned tiers is
a part of this work.
System as whole is divided into core and modules. Core determines the base architecture
elements of the system and also services common operations which enables eective, fast
and secure development. Modules use core services and solve specic compact part of the
application logic.
Within this work analysis and implementation for modules stock control, assets, wages,
human resources and CRM (Customer Relationship Management) is processed. Important
requirement on the system is to allow customer to choose from the pallet of pre-created
modules and to compile his instance of the system based on the chosen modules.</td>]
[<td>A great deal of contemporary research is showing that it is not work that goes home
but home that goes to work. I would like to write my thesis about smart home possibilities
(theoretically), which are available, or proposed to the market. Then I would like to design
(practically) part of smart home according to available technologies. I am more considered
with the software part of the problem, but I want to use real hardware if it would be possible
rather then a simulator.
Software should be portable, written in JAVA, using Open Source Solutions and
Technologies. It should be able to manage all smart home interfaces and extensible. Brain of
the system should be Neural Network, which should be able to learn automatically the
inhabitants\\\' behaviors and help them in their everyday routine. “Make technologies disappear
and you have succeeded.”
For example, if system finds out that some switch is turning on every time after doors
are open, it will turn it on automatically. But it should consult this decision in the beginning to
avoid collisions with human decision (according to Asimov rules). These shall avoid starting
mixer with nothing in it, or even turning lights on when nobody is at home.
The system shall communicate through the network, which could be wired, or
wireless. After searching the technologies available I decided to concentrate on open
standard KNX.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the implementation of ray tracing acceleration structures on different architectures. It summarizes methods for construction and traversal of these structures, both space partitioned (e.g. KD-tree) and object partitioned (e.g. Bounded
Volume Hierarchy). Furthermore it shows different versions of mapping a ray tracing algorithm on architectures that specialize on vector instruction processing: graphical processing units or an IBM Cell processor.
In the implementation part we describe design and implementation of three acceleration structures on an x86 architecture, which is further used as a basis for the implementation on IBM Cell. Measurements of different parts of the Cell application are then used to evaluate and improve performance on this architecture.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to project graphical user interface for set-top box designed for elderly people.
The project follows the User-Centered Design methodology with emphasize on needs, requirements
and constraints of target users. These criteria are analyzed and the interface model is
built based on the analysis’s evaluation. The model is tested in the final part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and analyze Information System of Skicenter and its implementation. The purpose of the Information System of Skicenter is to create crossroads for internet users, who are looking for information about skicenters. Whole bachelor thesis is led as a project.
This bachelor thesis helps users, who try to get information in the most effective way. The Information System of Skicenter offers fast access to detail information about particular skicenters. In case of an interest, user has possibility to continue on specific web site of skicenter.</td>]
[<td>The work is dealing with planning and budgeting area with use of specialized planning systems. The main scope of this work is to familiarize reader with this problem and to introduce chosen planning and budgeting systems Oracle Hyperion Planning, SAP Business Planning &amp; Consolidation and IBM Cognos Planning. According to detailed comparison of functional capabilities with use of personal experiences, available documentation and implementation of sample application, comparison tables and final conclusions are prepared.</td>]
[<td>The following bachelor wok describes in detail the concept and implementation of an online information system that is based on the results of in-depth analysis for hotels and other accomodation facilities. The system manages the room-bookings, calculates the revenue generated from the bookigs and creates the guest book. The first part of the bachelor study focuses on the requirements of the system that is based on the analysis and further more focuses on the detailed description. The next main chapter of the paper describes the proposal of the system that gives the idea of the problem solution. The detailed description of the implementation is further discussed in the next chapter. The last part of the paper describes the testing, final conclusion and recommnedations are enclosed.</td>]
[<td>This work describes a design of a LR-WPAN network model based on the ZigBee standard using OMNeT++, a popular discrete-event simulating engine. The text covers and evaluates the possibilities given by the addons for wireless and mobile networks modelling. The aim is to present one of many approaches based on the exact translation of the
internal processes deﬁned by the standards into the thorough structure of the model. This oﬀers a clear view inside the model and sets a solid starting point for the future work on the product.
</td>]
[<td>Mantichora is an application that allows visualization of a simulation of processes in our planet system. Its modular architecture allows to use different graphical, mathematical-physical and network environment. This work deals with the principle of modular architecture. It compares plugin technologies. It chooses a technology that Mantichora will use.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the exploration of facial animation techniques, with a focus on methods that are very compelling in terms of a realistic image. Based on the exploration the appropriate method is implemented to the environment of mobile devices.
</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on design and  implemenation of algorithms and methods for analysing a communication in industrial network PROFINET. It’s particulary focused on cyclic communication in network PROFINET.
	Goals of the work are two plugins for diagnostic tool PRONETA. First plugin is used for analysing a creation of connection. The second one is used for displaying of results.
</td>]
[<td>The work deals with a parallel algorithm for multibody system simulation, which invented
professor Valá¹ek. The algorithm converts solution of differential equations on sparse
linear equation system, that is solved using the Gauss-Jordan elimination.
The algorithm was implemented for cluster of workstations. Also parallel characteristics
of the algorithm were experimentally veried.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the area of Decision Support Systems and data warehousing. It primarily focuses on the ways a Decision Support System can be exploited and what it consists of. Furthermore, it explores the On-Line Analytical Processing and the criteria that have to be met in order to consider a solution as suitable for On-Line Analytical Processing. Finally, the basic principles and examples of usage are demonstrated on an open-source solution Pentaho BI Suite.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes analysis, design and implementation of a clustering algorithm that operates on email messages. Its aim is to recognize messages that deal with similar topic and aggregate them in one cluster. The algorithm makes use of general document clustering methods combined with analysis of data specific to email messages. Given the nature of email, it supports online clustering. 

The functionality will be integrated into exiting email client software named eM Client. Implementation of suitable data structures with database backend, mail client interoperability code and user interface is also part of this work.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to show and test usability of nowadays graphical cards for numeric math computation. The project is based on MS Windows platform using DirectX and its High Level Shader Language (HLSL). It also outlines the possibility of using graphic cards for the simulation of physics in modern computer games.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is about economic modeling by using three methods: Winter’s method, method of multiple linear regresion and causal’s models. Outcome from this diploma thesis is implementation of these methods in Java language with prefered on GUI (Graphics User Interface).</td>]
[<td>Based on study of books about software project management´s, this document´s main goal is to describe methodology for SAP implementation - so called ASAP and methodology actually used for software development - such as web based applications. Both methodologies are compared by theirs single design stages.</td>]
[<td>The work presents the solution and implementation of a library which can navigate the camera in 3D scene in OpenGL or Raytrace mode. This library can be used for recording a motion and for editing the motion with interpolations.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with project planning and management domain and the automation of appropriate processes. The goal is to build up application with web user interface, which allows the input of data and which has the ability to represent them in different contexts and forms.
The main focus of the application are tasks decomposition, their relation and time sequence, duration, assignment of the resources, both human and material, and cost estimates. Furthermore monitoring and controlling of project plan fulfillment with possibility of necessary adjustments to successfully complete the project.</td>]
[<td>This project considers proposal and implemetation that allows to note divers their dives into mobile phone with JAVA ME support.
It is posibble to synchronize dives with server. Part of this aplication is also web interface that allows dives 
to be administrated and photographs to be based.

</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor’s thesis is the database model of the ‘Anketa ÈVUT’ application. This application serves for the purpose of evaluation of different courses and lecturers by the participating students. The first part of the thesis looks at interesting features of Oracle Database, the current database model and its development over time. In particular, the changes made during the process of integrating several instances of the ‘Komponenta Studium’ database are analysed. In the next part, new functionality for ‘Anketa’ is considered; the final database model and the way it is related with ‘Komponenta Studium’ are fully documented. Finally, several processes connected to the maintenance of ‘Anketa’ are described. Basic awareness and knowledge of database systems are expected from the reader.</td>]
[<td>Thesis considers implementation of Information System. New methodology WebML is used to implement
the System. There is described whole web development process using WebML from problem
definition, over navigation and content elements description to testing.
Information System is about managing information of a film company. Most of functional requirements
described in problem definition are implemented however not all of them are successfully realized.
This problem came up in consequence to problems during templates definition in Presentation Model.
Structural Model which shows structure of database is described at beginning of the implementation.
Hypertext Model contains all elements of web page and links between them. To describe layout of
elements and their appearance is used Presentation Model. Information System must allow to manage
groups of users whose behaviour (to which pages they have access) defines Personalization Model. To
evaluate used methodology is used comparison between original Information System and created one.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to design and create new version of popular online publication service Webgarden. It analyzes experience gained during three years of operation of this system and implements improvemets to gain more flexible response to user requests for new functionality and make easier administration and maintenance during operation.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of a system for administration of semestral works that would be implemented as a plugin of existing application Student\\\'s Church. The final application should give the students the overview and the opportunity to take part in classification of other students\\\' semestral works. The teachers could manage and rate as well. The system would also give the basic inspection of plagiarism and the check of the archives\\\' correct form.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with implementation of support electronic system for
students\\\' examination. Main goal is to simplify both taking and
evaluating examination tests using computers. Main difference from other on-line based examination systems is that this system is designed to run in an isolated enviroment (like computer classroom). Whole system is divided into two layers - application layer and system layer. Application layer is implemented in PHP scripting language, system layer is in design phase of a runtime enviroment that should restrict any possibilities of cheating (live Linux-based operating system with high restriction policy).
</td>]
[<td>The goal of the bachelor thesis is to implement growing self organizing neural network, which is useful for surface reconstruction of 3D objects. It is also shown that the algorithm can be used for reconstruction of data collected by a mobile robot. Input is an unstructured set of points in space defining a 3D object, while output should be a reconstructed surface of the object. The neural network is adopted to the input set to learn geometric arrangement and topology of points. Various models of 3D objects as well as data collected by a mobile robot can be reconstructed using this algorithm as will be shown in the bachelor thesis. 

</td>]
[<td>This work deals with badly written code and a way to ﬁx it using a transformation tool, which is a program we give input ﬁle with the source code and ﬁle with rules. These are automatically applied to the input code which is changed by them. The transformation tool
creates new ﬁle after conversion, where is already transformed source code.
I do not mean bad working but bad within the meaning blind and ugly written code. When I write about mistakes then I mean mistakes where the code works but is not written well and may be hard to orient in it or may be more exacting then it should. I try to make ﬁxing and optimizing code automatic.
I have found several programmer’s mistakes. But all of them can’t be ﬁxed by using base transformation rules. I describe rules which can be applied to the code but also which can’t be applied with tools actually accessible.</td>]
[<td>This text is part of implementation thesis, whitch will be direct to create 
thick client application that can control tables, create views, editting data in 
tables and another operation in databases based on MySQL version 4.x and newer.
The goal of this text is to summarize available ways how create this client 
application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents an algorithm for visual simulation of glacial erosion. The algorithm
is based on the Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics and on a simplified physical model
which describes a mechanics of erosion. The SPH particles are used for a simulation of
the glacier. During the process of simulation of glacial erosion, the impacts of glacier
motion on its bed rock are computed. The main goal is to propose and to implement it
so that the algorithm provides data in a reasonable time with certain user control over
the process. The algorithm works with a rock layer and with a glacier which acts on this
layer. Subsoil is exposed to a mechanical impact of the glacier and a moraine arises out
of material which is abraded and transported by the glacier. The result is a landscape
sculptured by an imaginary glacier.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s project deals with the problem of an automatic construction of the state examination committees. It focuses on finding a suitable algorithm, its implementation and testing whether it works properly in practise. The algorithm should take advantage of the constraint programming principles. The main objective of this project is to sum up alternatives of resolving the assigned problem and to create a program with the graphical user interface which uses the designed algorithm to generate the examination committees schedules. The outcome is a program that is configurable (allowing user to set the conditions for the scheduling) and properly deals with the situations when there are more possible solutions or no solution at all.</td>]
[<td>The intent of this Master Thesis is to create electronic device for gathering data. The device is mean for water treatment and environmental protection. Measured data is gathered to device, archived and transmitted. Inputs are sensors or other devices providing information from a biotope. Outputs are data saved in remote database on a web server and its visualization in web browsers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and implementation of a document management module for XOOPS, web content management system. The module will consist of a database structure, data storage and graphical user interface for managing the documents. It will use permission-driven system known from operating system Unix, adapted and extended for web environment. Functionality wise, it will be a balance between the ease of use and the number of provided functions. User interface design played an important role in the analysis. Module architecture will enable possible extension of the functionality and the module will provide application programming interface for other modules to use. Aim of this thesis is to create a product usable in everyday work, independently of where XOOPS with this module will be deployed.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is to buid up a model of crossroad using Petri Net and
implement it using VHDL language. The softwares HPSim and CPN Tools were used for building,
simulating and analyzing the model. Next model in vhdl simulate in Model Sim.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes the design and implementation of a system that
allows to record data about the activity of UNIX servers. A part of the thesis is also a
web application that enables to display collected data in graphs and the data can be
processed statistically.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis is focused on web applications and their protection against failure. It
deals with characteristics and types of web applications as well as with nodes. The thesis
tries to find basic similarities in different layers. On the basis of ascertained data, the
author tries to find ways to protect web applications against blackout on different levels.
The goal of my diploma thesis is to develop a method to build infrastructure ensuring
high availability web applications.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor\\\'s project is the implementation of shortest path searching system using data from OpenStreetMap. System consists of two server applications for preprocessing and searching and a~client application visualising found paths. Moreover there is a~comparison of standard searching algorithm A* with bidirectional Dijkstra\\\'s search using created contraction hierarchy. Reader\\\'s basic knowledge of graph algorithm theory is expected.
</td>]
[<td>The  bachelor  thesis  deals  with  design  and  implementation  of a  workflow  information system for the management of internal company’s documents. The new solution should be integrated within the given intranet web portal and it should provide the ability to simulate and manage processes connected with management of the documents stored in the given intranet portal. The system should be able to provide such functionality  as  approving  of  documents,  collective  creation  of documents  and commenting of documents through the web interface. </td>]
[<td>Functional programming is spreading from universities and laboratories to everyday use. Functional programming techniques enrich current programming languages. New languages combining both object oriented and functional approach are formed. One of these new languages is Scala. Scala oﬀers rational mix of both concepts which is very useful in common work.
Capabilities of Scala language are evaluated by implementing design patterns. Many design patterns like Visitor or Command can be enhanced or simpliﬁed using Scala thanks to functional programming techniques and other useful features like multiple inheritance.</td>]
[<td>This work describes design and implementation of extension to ecosystem modeling application presented in [01]. The work is focused on implementation of ray shooter which computes distribution of light among plant organs in natural scene. Result of this work is an extended ecosystem editor with support of advanced realistic lighting model influencing both plant growth and real time renderer.

[01] - Bene¹ Bedøich, Nathan Andrysco, and Ondrej ©»ava: Interactive Modeling of Virtual Ecosystems, http://www2.tech.purdue.edu/cgt/Facstaff/bbenes/private/papers/Benes09EGNat.zip</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work aims to investigate the activities of signaller railway station, to find regularities in the decision-making in the management of rail traffic and then design the algorithm in a form suitable for machine interpretation.

Part of this work is to find signaller activity benchmarks.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the analysis of requirements for a theatre ticket information system, its design and own implementation. In the first place it focuses on utilization of open-source or freeware tools, multiplatformity and extendibility.
The resulting information system should become a base for creation of a theatre information system providing ticket sales and prepaid cards with the possibility to extend further in need to respond to future requirements.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this master thesis is to design a probe for measuring quality of service in the infrastructure of internet telephony network using RTP protocol. Quality of service can be determined based on packet delay (latency) and packet delay variation (jitter) of RTP packets. Part of the thesis is also a proof of concept implementation of the probe for UNIX/Linux operating system, including simple client software for presentation of measured data.
</td>]
[<td>This work provides a view on generating source code for web service’s client. The goal is to design and to implement a modular tool, which would enable to generate the client’s source code in Java and PHP programming languages based on technical description of web service in WSDL format and web service’s protocol in XSD definition. Work solves the issue of extensibility of supported input and output formats and internationalization of application; it describes its architecture and realization. By describing the implementation of output modules it illustrates some of the problems which occur in the area of code generating and it tries to map the possibility of taking single parameters of communication with a web service apart and keeping them independent.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with predictive realistic image synthesis, which is the significat part
of computer graphics. Predictive image synthesis try to develop methods and algorithms to
estimate the visual appearance of real world scene through the physical accurate global illumination
calculation.
The main goal of this thesis is to create a virtual scene for predictive image synthesis and
verify it against the photographs taken in the real environment. As the virtual scene must
have corresponding visual complexity, we selected the building of Max-Planck-Institute for
Informatics in Saarbrucken. In order to achieve the required image quality it is necessary to
complete the model with light characteristics and surface reflectances. Finally, the scene model
is handed over to physically accurate algorithm for predictive image synthesis, that performs
global illumination calculation. If the image synthesis algorithm is correct, the produced images
will be hardly distinguishable from real photographs.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with implementation of common fuzzy controller in VisualWorks and
with implementation of demonstration application for vehicle driving. It uses a theoretical
knowledge of fuzzy logic, fuzzy sets and fuzzy controlling and a general knowledge of object
oriented principles of the Smalltalk language for completing of the fuzzy regulator component.
The work uses common rules for vehicle moving inside an environment with a given target
and known obstacles to design a rule base for a vehicle driver. The thesis contains an introduction
into necessary theoretical parts and further it describes each phase of the genesis of the
component and demonstration application.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement a general library in language Java for neural network,
which would be using the learning algorithm Cascade-Correlation. Cascade-Correlation
itself uses other learning algorithms and during the learning process it changes the structure
of the neural network by adding new hidden layers. This learning algorithm is supposed to
work faster in compare to the widely known Backpropagation. It should also provide better
results in the case of more difficult problems.
At the end the librabry will be integrated into the project GAME for data mining as one of
an alternative learning modul.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and to implement embedded device able to connect to Ethernet-type network. Device allows setting and monitoring of its inputs/outputs via built-in HTTP server. PIC18F252 microcontroller and ENC28J60 Ethernet controller by Microchip are used in this device. Microcontroller type was changed to PIC18F2620 later. Reason for this change is stated further in this thesis.

</td>]
[<td>This work is engaged in design and implementation of a control element library for
interactive digital television (iDTV) environment.
The library allows creating interactive graphical user interface and is designed
according to specific television environment requests. User interface built on the basis
of this library operates on real set-top box.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis is dealing with design and implementation of online real-estate
agency system. It is a solution made-to-measure for RIPS s. r. o.
I used Unied Modelling Language diagrams during design phase. Designed system is
implemented in PHP programming language with Smarty template system and MySQL
relational database as a persistent storage. I placed emphasis on intuitive user interface
so that the system can be used by unexperienced users.</td>]
[<td>Recent developments in computer technology deals with the acceleration of the calculations using parallel tasks. The Cell processor contains nine cores. The interconnection of multiple processors can be obtained from a large computing power.
I would like to continue this work to investigate the possibilities involved in the Cell processor cluster and found, for what types of tasks will involve the use and effective.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with an extension of JSF framework with components for faster and easier development of Java EE applications. Its task is to describe and distinguish the JSF technology, as well as to analyse current framework and implement its extensions. Furthermore, it contains a description of problems encountered during the implementation itself in order to help other developers of own JSF components.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of a tourist guide for mobile devices with touch screen and Windows Mobile operating system. Mobile tourist guide presents multimedia information about sights and it also provides navigation to the next sight. The application downloads data through WiFi from information points (InfoPoints) located nearby the sight. This work describes the entire cycle of application development and is especially focused on creation of user-friendly GUI, from its initial design, layout, and usability tests to the final working product.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The Diploma thesis deals with a comparison of two platforms - Netbeans and Eclipse -
at a level of source code and compiled bytecode. One of the main tasks is to show various
means of quality measuring of software projects and to describe programs that can be
used for a determination of these metrics.
We will emphasize especially comparison of Netbeans Platform and Eclipse Rich Client
Platform and its examination by various metrics.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis deals with security online banking. While security of the
communications is usually well considered, most do not sufficiently address the security of
the platform on which these applications run. In this thesis, i outline an existing on-line
banking schemes and describe how this weakness can be exploited to subvert the
authentication mechanisms in these systems.
The aim is to show that these types of attack are not just theoretically possible, but
practical and even easy to implement. I present alternative approaches for securing the
authentication of on-line banking applications including a new method that provides an
effective compromise between security and other concerns.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes the analysis of the project solution to delegate an accounting part of the client to the
chosen product supplier.
The outsourcing is firstly described as a solution helping to improve the performance of the company.
There are phases of the particular outsourcing project which are needed to be followed and are described
from the common point of view. Follows the situation of the clients company asking for a financial solution
and therefore the project plan proposal is described together with detailed phase solution. It is also possible
to find savings calculation of the achieved solution and the particular outsourcing ratio.</td>]
[<td>The thesis analyzes possibilities of current software development systems from the viewpoint of its potential to locate a code line in actual version of source codes given the information about its location in older source code. 
The result of the thesis is a design and implementation of an algorithm solving the problem. Part of the solution is also a plugin for the NetBeans IDE utilizing the implementation. </td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on three consequential topics. 
 
The first one is a visualization of 3D slices of GAME models and training data. The models are defined as functions of $n$ inputs and the data are points in this (n+1)-dimensional space. The 3D slice is defined by the selection of two of the inputs as its axes and by setting the remaining n-2 inputs to constant values.  
 
The second problem is the search for such slices that are of some interest to the users. This means that graphs representing individual models have highly varying values on their domain of definition. Moreover, since we are talking about a 3D slice out of an (n+1)-dimension space, the search area is very large. Therefore, I used a special type of genetic algorithm, known as Deterministic Crowding. Its advantage over the classic genetic algorithm is that it is able to find and keep several different and suboptimal solutions. Automatic knowledge extraction is realized in this way - in fact, the models represent data abstraction and the algorithm finds 3D views, in which the model outputs are similar (the abstraction is reliable) and, at the same time, their shapes are complicated. 
 
The third theme covered by this thesis is report generation and automatic reporting. The reports should contain descriptions of slices found in the abovementioned search that are of any interest and their visualization, thus mediating an intuitive and practical overview of the trained models as well as of the knowledge extracted from the data. 
 
The conclusion of this thesis is a module in the FAKE GAME application, written in Java language, which successfully implements all the mentioned issues.</td>]
[<td>This study is about implementation of asynchronous IRC library for Microsoft .NET Framework. Study contains implementation of simple client with graphical user interface.</td>]
[<td>Tree pattern matching is a fundamental operation that is used in a number of
programming tasks such as mechanical theorem proving, term rewriting, symbolic computation,
and implementing nonprocedural programming languages.

In this paper, we present new algorithm for nonlinear pattern matching in trees.
Our algorithm is based on traversing acyclic pushdown automaton for trees in prefix and
postfix notation.
The presented pushdown automata are input--driven and therefore can be determinised.
Given a tree of size \\\'n\\\', deterministic subtree or deterministic tree subgraph pushdown automaton
can be constructed for this tree in time linear in \\\'n\\\' and its advantages are:
First, the automaton represents a complete index of the tree and the linear search phase
of all occurrences of a subtree or  connected subgraph of size \\\'m\\\'
is performed in time linear in \\\'m\\\' and not depending on \\\'n\\\'. This is
faster than the time of any of the existing tree pattern matching algorithms,
which depends on \\\'n\\\'. Second, although the number of connected subgraphs can be
exponential in \\\'n\\\', the size of the automaton is linear in \\\'n\\\'. Third, using this automaton
we can create tree signatures allowing subtree comparison for equality to be performed
in constant time. Equality of subtrees is used for nonlinear tree pattern matching.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of small library information
system. The system process book agenda, library member’s agenda and borrow history. The
analysis of similar system is also done and described. GUI of the information system is very simple
according to simple usability requirement. Testing and maintenance of system is also performed.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of a Serial ATA core with cryptography
support in HDL language. The core is implemented and tested on Xilinx Virtex-5 FXT
FPGA, Xilinx ML-507 development board. The system is controlled by using Ethernet
frames. Cryptographic AES-128 core is placed between Ethernet and SATA core, making
possible to crypt stream of transferred data. The design uses Xilinx Serial ATA PHY and
Xiling TEMAC hard cores. First part of this work deals with analysis of Serial ATA protocol
and cryptography as well, next part deals with overall system design, the last one describes
system implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of a Serial ATA core with cryptography
support in HDL language. The core is implemented and tested on Xilinx Virtex-5 FXT
FPGA, Xilinx ML-507 development board. The system is controlled by using Ethernet
frames. Cryptographic AES-128 core is placed between Ethernet and SATA core, making
possible to crypt stream of transferred data. The design uses Xilinx Serial ATA PHY and
Xiling TEMAC hard cores. First part of this work deals with analysis of Serial ATA protocol
and cryptography as well, next part deals with overall system design, the last one describes
system implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the project is to present a study about Software metrix and explained it in details used in management of SW projects. I had to focus on an open model like COCOMO cost estimation model, not forgetting to identify basic and cost drivers of this model. However, the work also includes the description main modes of the model based on Boehm specification which is also explained in details. Result of some calculation using a SW used COCOMO planning and analyzing and comparing some examples. At the end there are some recommendation for appropriate SW which may be used in software engineering teaching</td>]
[<td>Every larger TV channel has its own studio, in which it makes own televiews. Some of them, however, have so specific artistic design, which can’t be made in real. That’s why virtual studios came up. With them you are able to bring non-realistic objects into studio. This technology works not only in virtual TV studios, but also in film or film postproduction. In this thesis, a concept and implementation are made, which could be used also practically. A big problem of virtual studios is generally their high price and accuracy. Here we’ll try to make a system that will be cheap and accurate enough. It will be an open source virtual studio, which means that it will be made of free accessible or licensed components, which allows their exploitation.</td>]
[<td>This work describes development of application, which allows download text information from web sites to database. Users should know basics of structure of HTML documents. The application is a tool for easy gathering information and their automatic evaluation by filters.</td>]
[<td>The thesis creates a comprehensive methodology for the development of internet applications pursuant to XHTML 1.0 standard with the open source framework Django. The paper follows principles of agility and reflects author\\\'s practical experience. The main topic discussed is  effective communication between a software development team and a client during a project when the client is unable to provide fixed specifications for the project. Environment of a software company, leadership and management are discussed as well. The author’s work is established on respected methodologies and defines procedures applicable in a practice of a functioning company. The result is primarily a Project Manual with guidelines for software developers.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design of a reflection-based program tranformation system. More specifically, it describes the process of creation of the metastructure and shows how it can be utilized. The examples illustrate usefulness of the approach in matching search patterns against the source code snippets.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with problems of application interface for IP telephony. The main part of the thesis works with advanced application interface of Cisco Unified Application Environment. The project of this thesis shows usage of different kinds of application interfaces which corporate with each other. The thesis wants to show that these applications are part of current IP telephony. The application interfaces are tools to corporate computer applications with IP telephony and Unified Communications.</td>]
[<td>There are many new standards emerging in present sweeping era of wireless technologies. One of them is the ZigBee standard. This standard offers very cheap and easy way of communication for the industrial usage. I would like to explore this technology in this work. My goal is to find out the advantages and disadvantages, inspect issues occuring during the release phase of this technology in production. Finally I shall try to demonstrate the usage over creating a primitive MIB structure for retreiving data from ZigBee devices.
</td>]
[<td>New project starts with its specification followed by analysis, implementation and tests, generally
these stages repeat in many iterations. It is not only important to have clear documentation of what
needs to be done and how, it is also necessary to keep a track of issues that are encountered during
the development process. Issues have normally a character of a found bug or a feature request. Issue
applies to a given project and its version. Not only a large project will gain from an issue tracking
system even though that for a large project is such a system crucial. Many developers working on a
particular project need a way to communicate what are the tasks that need to be done and who is
responsible for them. Issue tracking system serves not only as a repository for new issues it also
serves the purpose of project management. Manager of a project can assign work to developers and
they assign fixed bugs to testers that re-test the fix. Testers may eventually automate tests for a fixed
bugs, they also report bug they encounter during their testing routine. Manager sees all work that is
being done by his developers, he sees also all fixes and new issues for given application build. The
system applies proper business rules for an issue lifetime.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this work is to design and implement reservation system suitable for use in computer school. Point is to find suitable combination of abas ERP modules based on this design and suggest modifications of the modules acording to needs of the compter school and than decide whether is better to implement the reservation system or modify the abas ERP modules.</td>]
[<td>Master\\\'s thesis analyses and implements the web application for password management in company. Comprehensive background research of technologies on Java platform and state of the art is starting point for analysis. Firstly it is an analysis of security, then organization of passwords and users and finally a software analysis. The design is produced on the basis of analysis according system requirements and focused on a user. The host-proof hosting concept is used for securing passwords.

After that it is implementation part describing realization on the Java platform with cooperation of the Spring Framework and the Hibernate ORM framework. Last but one part is about testing -- especially about usability testing. Final part includes summary, experiences with used technologies and evaluation of contribution.</td>]
[<td>Application Mantichora has a goal in simulating space processes in Solar system. It consists of several base parts, which are model and scene editor, visualisation engine, physical engine and data storage. All these parts are communicating with each other by defined protocols and whole application is able to run distributed.

Goal of this thesis is to create model and scene editor, which should give user an easy way to assemble a scene from prepared models and then export it for other parts of application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about the design and implementation methods for recognizing the objects in microscopy images. The first task is finding and marking the impurities in oil samples and the second one is recognition of algaes in fluorescence microscopy. On the basis of the solutions of similar tasks an algorithm based on mathematical morphology is designed. The use of wavelet transform is discused too. The designed algorithm is implemented using a library of mathematical morphology operations and tested on a set of microscopy images.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this paper is to implement a computer program in c/c++ language, which will be able to read data from a device called video disdrometer and  use these data for calculations in physical applications, provide reader with basic information in electromagnetic wave propagation through the atmosphere.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to design and creating new version of popular online publication
service Webgarden. It analyses user feedback and focuses on optimization of user interface
and it considers authors experiences to get better result. Part of this thesis introduces user
interface of Webgarden service, part includes description of advanced system function such as
e-shop and newsletter. The monetization and marketing is also mentioned.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a graphics application to create price offer on assembly of plastic windows, doors and garage doors. The system will be able to store data in the MySQL database and a print offer.
 	Implementation will be carried out by using the Zend PHP Framework with the help of HTML (XHTML) and CSS for the graphical page of application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design smart geodatabase performance test and evaluate usabilty of object and relational databases in geo-applications. The thesis summarizes research of database benchmarking up to now and make a proposal of the new test on it\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\'s basis. The proposal consists of a data model and a set of typical geodatabase operations intended to test. Smalltalk implementation of this proposal is described in the second half of the thesis. The test is then implemented into GIS prototype and executed on PostGIS and Gemstone databases. Finally comes well-commented results with summary.</td>]
[<td>In the first part the work on subject E-learning on-line web educational system comparsion represents concepts and problems associated with e-learning in general. In the second part the work represents results of testing and comparsion over e-learning systems Claroline, Dokeos, Moodle and Sakai Project.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes complete design of information system - application forms for Czech Technical University in Prague. Presently, there is an existing (and running) implementation of system for processing application forms - which is also main resource for requirements of designed system. Motivation for newly rising system is (especially) improvement of user interface and user experience. To reach this objective it uses modern Java technologies which are basically technological standard in the area of information systems and web application development. In this sense it promises improvement of whole system\\\'s architecture.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to analyze PDF format, its chances of securing data and to create a library processing string and stream encryption within PDF. The library should be platform independent and easy to use by higher layers. This library is going to be part of greater application based on few bachelor thesis. 
 
</td>]
[<td>Study is addressing coordinated movement of units on the game graph in order to capture enemy unit. This problem is solved by methods of artificial inteligence. Result is in form of software project
</td>]
[<td>This thesis examins methods and ways of solving Euler´s equations for inviscid flow and focuses on development and implementation of program, that should visualize the movement of gas in space with given source of heat.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis describes realization of control system for rolling stock models. The trackage with these models is being run in the transportation laboratory within Faculty of Transportation Sciences in Prague. Models are control via Bluetooth technology enabling duplex wireless connection between component of Bluetooth server and rolling stock models. 
The control system supports two modes of automatic control – movement based on semaphores or based on ETCS L2 system. The control of the system is conducted base on information about structure of trackage, states of rail switches and states of semaphores. ETCS L2 system further utilizes information about the location of all models on the trackage. All these information are stored in shared database, which is available for all components of control system. 
The control system also supports manual control mode, which is applied for drift roads. This mode is accessible throw web application, which can be also run on the mobile devices connected to the local network.</td>]
[<td>The project focuses on the design and implementation of Network Design Software, which is a simple tool for modeling a computer network infrastructure. It is capable of creating a visual representation of a network as well as the underlying network\\\'s logical model. It means that Network Design Software can not only draw a network model but is also able to interpret it. Amongst the most significant features are the connection tables generation, export to an image format and inserting one model into another and thus creating reusable submodels.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses design of a web application offering a user friendly sociological questionnaires design and administration.
It firstly discuss general requirements for sociological surveys, existing market solutions and known requirements of the application.
Subsequently there is a detailed description of the produced application, including complete documentation and user guide.</td>]
[<td>The thesis concentrates on comparison of chosen content management systems (CMS) by couple of given properties. Base on observation is selected one suitable system for implementation of an university department website and this project is subsequently realized. </td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis analyses and implements offering and reservation system of
travel agency. Requirements are already set. This work is split into several categories. The
first part is about public part implementation. The next part is about implementation of
private part. The final part is about 3D Secure system implementation.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to develop an application for testing and learning the English vocabulary. This application should build on existing solution Vocab Pro, which is targeted at personal computers running Windows. Main benefit is the change of platform from PC to mobile phones. The practice has shown the need to have an application with the words constantly along with users, and thus to be able to start learning whenever and wherever. This requirement is better to be met with new application written for mobile phone, than the original one installed on the portable computer.</td>]
[<td>The result of this thesis is an application which should make it easier to test the searching algorithms based on finite automata. The application measures time and memory usage of an algorithm for texts of various lengths and for various distances. The Hamming distance, the Levenshtein distance, and Generalized Levenshtein distance implemented for which the prefix and suffix automata are generated. In addition the application contains two algorithms for searching all approximate covers of texts. The application can be easily extended by adding any new distances or algorithms.</td>]
[<td>Topic of this diploma thesis is to propose and realize improvements of analytic tools contained in the application supporting diagnosis of Parkinson disease patients. The improvements are called to assess level of affection by tremor. The goal is also to extend the database by adding more information about patients and to focus on user friendly control of the aplication. A set of tremor assessment methods was proposed and a function that shows the results off these results of assessment which makes a long-term observation more easy was implemented. At the same time another improvement that allows using another types of tablets was made and also bugs which were present in the aplication were remowed.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with issue of software for sharing information and cooperation support in company teams. It focuses on Microsoft Windows SharePoint Products and Technologies, which is based mainly on Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007. 
The first part of the work describes the adaptation possibilities offered by Windows SharePoint Services and how it is possible in these products to create their own solutions, such as process management, document sharing, management of various agendas or recording information. 
  The second part of the work is concerned with the deployment of Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 in the chosen company. It describes the analysis of application, which is used in the company. On the basis of this analysis is created design of the solution using Windows SharePoint Services 3.0. Finally, the work describes the implementation and deployment prototype of application.
</td>]
[<td>Study the literature about the geographically oriented database benchmarking. Concentrate on the comparison of the object-based vs. relation-based database management system (DBMS) as implementation platforms. Write a brief overview of both types of DBMS and then go deeper to the intrinsic differences of the two approaches. Describe the known algorithms for geographical database benchmarking and define main tested criteria. Implement benchmarking tests of selected criteria for two object-based DBMS, commercial and free one, and the same for two relation-based DBMS. Summarize your theoretical and practical results.</td>]
[<td>This document describes a procedure for monitoring and controlling a hydroponic system. The main concept as well as important implementation facts are described in several chapters. The analysis of the main parts is includes: Theory of communication via μLAN bus, basic principles of a FastCGI interface and the monitoring and controlling application. Results of this project will be used in controlling a sample hydroponic aquarium.
Keywords: controlling, monitoring, hydroponics, bus.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with the minimalization of incompletely specificed boolean functions using modified binary decision diagrams. For the purpose of minimalization, CUUD package (Colorado University Decision Diagram Package) for operations with binary trees, minimizer Espresso and algorithms created by Jan Bílek and Pavel Èerný in previous thesis dealing with the same topic are used.</td>]
[<td>Mantichora is an application for visualization of solar systems. Whole application is consisting from several parts, these were assigned to individual students. This paper deals with Java3D-based graphic engine. Mantichora\\\'s graphic engine works with scenes created in scene editor. Further the graphic engine communicates with mathematical-physical engine, which secures simulation of physical laws. Finally graphic engine allows to operate with space-ships and to read information about particular objects of a scene described in scene editor.</td>]
[<td>The aim of my work is to process the method of designing an implementation of the application for the pocket pc\\\'s with windows mobile system 5.0 and higher. The work contains the reserse of the existing solutions and designing of the application sample pocket calculator to the settings.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work was to implement algorithms for Hidden Markov Model, as a program library for CELL BE processor, written in the C/C++ programming language. This all algorithms are greatly computational expensive and require high processing power. The CELL BE processor offers potentially useful background, supporting multiple levels of parallelization (SIMD or computation on more cores) or another specific features, to compute given algorithm faster.
The created library is divided in two its parts, own library for PPE unit and own library for SPE unit. Both these libraries implements all given algorithms and necessary supportive functionality, which is specific for a given type of computational unit. Libraries are promoted with appropriate documentation and samples to programmer will be able to use it easy.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is an implementation of information system developed for searching for public transport connections on Windows Mobile based devices. For this purpose the available data of the Czech public transportation are thoroughly analyzed. Furthermore, the task is converted into a shortest-path problem in a graph. The most important part of this paper is concerned with an appropriate graph design as well as the design of a suitable algorithm which reflects the need of maximum quality of connections found, maximum algorithm performance and minimum amount of working memory used. The rest of this paper deals with a brief implementation description of particular system components and subsequent testing.</td>]
[<td>This work contains analysis and implementation of the generator of sparse matrix with simple graphics interface. The generator will generate random and band sparse matrix.

The output of this work will be this document and application. Even this document will be attached with a CD of source codes, runnable application in environment JRE v. 6 and others materials, which will be published.
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This paper describes design and detail analysis of fast and relatively cheap logic analyzer. Achieved parameters of outcome product are sampling rate at 100MHz for 32 bits wide measuring port. Measuring and data collection is realized in dedicated hardware, powered by FPGA Virtex-4. Control and data interpretation is realized as a software solution on PC platform for Windows XP operating system. Interface between dedicated hardware and PC software application is via fast USB 2.0 interface. Main parts of work are foremost design of fast USB 2.0 interface framework, DDR interface solution and gain experience in extensive VHLD design especially in EDK tool from Xilinx.</td>]
[<td>The task of this document is introduce readers with basic principles of temporary carrier technology IPTV and the influences which it markedly changed.</td>]
[<td>Those thesis describe the selection of test pattern generators used in build-in self test and his implementation into the emulator of failure in bitstream. The testing was realized in FPSLIC from ATMEL. Those thesis also describe build-in self test including two of the most used test pattern generators. Then is described the design of test pattern generator for emulator of failure in bitstream.</td>]
[<td>This work descibes Z39.50 protocol that is used for remote database access, MARC 21
bibliographic record syntax format and discuss the net transfer issues. The work also
involves user application entirely created using Mozilla framework and it\\\'s description.
This application allows to search using Z39.50 protocol and Amazon web services.
</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to introduce the Document Management System within many organizations. It enumerates the general properties of these systems and their general architecture. Furthermore, the work deals with the possibility of the integration of DMS IBM Content Manager System with other systems used in companies. In conclusion, this work is a practical case of the deployment of document management system in organization.</td>]
[<td>Computer games greatly evolved durring past few years from few little details and few
efects as far away as milion triangles and hundreds of shaders in scene. Graphics hardware
speed is rissing but still there is problem to render complicated scenes. In my work I present
modern grafic efects and optimalization technology for economize level of details from point
of view of graphic designer, means man not pretty much knowledgeable in math, physics or
programming.
In first part of my work I would like to follow up graphic effects used for visual increasing
details without rissing complexity of geometry. Second chapter is dedicated to priciples of
reducing geometric details and using vicarious geometry. The third part of work is dedicated
to texturing principles of low poly models and creation of normal maps and high maps used
in normal mapping and parallax mapping.
The main goal of this work is not to prepare algorithms for above-mentioned technologies
but exploring application of already existed technology from point of view of graphic designer
and game design. In appendix on attached cd can be seen models for Project Genesis,
technical demo of 3d fantasy RPG.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the design and implementation of a web application intended for experts in bioinformatics. The application enables them to analyze gene expression data by various algorithms, especially including machine learning methods supported by the WEKA system. Data for the analysis are semi-automatically searched and downloaded from the public NCBI GEO database. The thesis first explains the application requirements; these requirements are then analyzed, resulting in the application design. Lastly, the application is implemented, and acceptance testing as well as operational testing is carried out.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is consedering the alternatives in aplication tiny SOAP server for small machines used for senzor networks. SOAP technology is popular for its accessability and the fact it is the accepted standard of communication in computer systems enviroment. However, it is text based protocol having the extraordinary place in communication and integration of computer networks. On contrary, for machines used in sensored networks the effective work with minimalization of energy consupmtion is needed. The work is describing one of the options of putting those two „ diferrent worlds“ together. </td>]
[<td>This thesis documents my effort to create an information system for aviatic
company. This system was created on behalf of demand by private aviatic company,
which asked software development company, where I work. Submission is based on
legal dokument: Manifestation of safety standards of flying and was furthermore
specified by consulting problems with submitter.</td>]
[<td>The thesis primarily presents analysis, design and implementation of library for recognizing pitch frequency of an audio signal. At first place it brings an overview of existing methods that could be used to solve this issue. Then the realization of f2pLib library based on the chosen method considering a computing power of set-top-box is described. Finding best parameter values of f2pLib for use with human voice and measuring its load on the target device is also part of the thesis.
Secondarily the thesis presents an application called ST Karaoke based on f2pLib library and aimed on a target group of seniors. Using f2pLib the application is capable of evaluating intonation of singing compared to a melody line of the song. Usage of one of standard karaoke file types is required for loading the songs. The thesis bears a description of analysis, design and finally implementation stages of the application development. The design and implementation of a sing intonation evaluating algorithm is a part of the work as well. Two usability tests with real participants from target group were made during application development. </td>]
[<td>This thesis presents FileNet P8, an ECM solution from IBM. It describes the inner
architecture of this system\\\'s products and components and gives an overview of application
interfaces available to customize the system by developing an  extending application or plugins. In the end, benchmarks are described and evaluated that compare the throughput of calls to individual application interfaces through a generated traffic. These test common operations to which document management systems are typically exposed and give recommendations for the choice of an appropriate application interface by category of applications.</td>]
[<td>Algorithms for computing the longest common sequences are widely used for comparing files and texts, today especially in genetic engineering for comparison of DNA, RNA, and protein sequences. The work focuses on the comparison of algorithms for two and more strings based on the paradigms contour-to-contour, row-by-row, diagonalwise processing and finite automata.
The second part deals with the algorithms for more strings, which should be able to work with thousands of strings. Currently, there are few algorithms for more strings. The focus is devoted to the memory performance of standard algorithms and the finite automata, because memory is often the main limiting factor for the size of the input instance. In conclusion of the work we put the new proposals for the development of new algorithms for more strings.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis contains information and describes details related to product design and implementation of a plug-in for the Lotus Sametime instant messaging client. The plug-in module is designed to display data from the Lotus Notes calendar with the goal of improving efficiency and user productivity by innovating the user input capabilities by voice recognition and message scanning. The voice recognition supports calendar search and the intelligent pre-scan of conversation content supports \\\'while typing\\\' integration of calendar in to the instant messaging. Especially this function is saving most
of the time and makes the plug-in an attractive component of the Lotus Sametime client. The work contains results of usability study and suggestions to possible improvements.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project is focused on using OS Linux on PC architecture as integrated service router in GbE networks - mainly on it’s analysis, design, implementation and testing. With growing PC performance and constant open-source software innovations it is very inviting solution. The result of the project should be completed method of implementation and functional prototype of GbE router, which is abe to forward 256B packets and bigger with full linerate speed.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with project management issue in information technologies. The goal of this
work is to provide basic information about project management techniques, analyse and develop
of a project management support software with human resource optimalization in middle-sized
organisation (approx. 50 - 200 employees) and with comfortable user interface.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an implementation of a generator of compressed test vectors based on a modification of an ATPG (Automatic Test Pattern Generator). This software tool uses for generation of a compressed test a new algorithm based on SAT (satisfiability)solving. The tool performs the test compression by overlapping of test vectors, which are generated on-line in the process, to reach a maximum compression. The main advantage of this tool is the ability to generate vectors guaranteeing the best overlap and by this maximize the test compression. Test compressed by this way may be used for testing combinational or full-scan circuits. Our tool is tested on a set of benchmarks and the results are compared with the
COMPAS (COMpressed Pattern Sequencer) compression tool, which implements a patterns compression based on reordering, compaction and searching for the best pattern overlapping the previously generated test.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with design and implementation of a kernel of 2D strategic game. It analyzes possible problems with routing of great number of units on big map and tries to suggest a solution of this problems. Several common used pathfinding algorithms and theirs strong points and weaknesses are described in this work. 
One part of this work is to show working implementation using one specific searching algorithm.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with using the CMS Drupal as the framework for the application of the school intranet. It contains an analysis of the way of integration of the new functionalities into CMS Drupal with subsequent implementation. It focuses especially on the extension of functions, which the CMS Drupal already contains. It means particularly the support for the authentication of users against the Shibboleth technology and the addition of functions to the system of administration of accreditation materials.

The aim of this thesis is to identify possibilities of the CMS Drupal for authentication of users and for other service activities. The result is a set of functions that support system for the administration of accreditation materials.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the development of the software system for the occupational therapists.
There will be shown an analysis of the project and design of GUI (graphical user imterface)
model based on the requirements of an occupational therapist. Then the implementation
and testing of the system will be described.
The product of this work is a document and program. A CD with source codes of the
program, application and other materials from the analysis is also included here.</td>]
[<td>This work evaluates present state of internet business. It is the most booming business area in today society. Thanks to simplicity and availability of trade is this type of business more popular every day. This work provides detail information about internet business 
to public. In the first part of the work it defines notions which are commonly used in this area of business. It shows in the branches where is possible to make business and it describes competition between subjects in this branches. Also describes advantages and disadvantages of each business area and entire internet business. There are included examples of problems which can reveal during the process. Work also contains possible solutions for these problems. Second part of the work is example of designing internet prospectus. This part contains foundation procedure of business subject and it‘s implementation.</td>]
[<td>This work implements security mechanisms that protect 
migrating processes against owners of workstations connected to
a non-dedicated Clondike cluster.  The solution suggested and 
implemented in this work is based on a proposal of using stigmata
but has been modified and extended.
Nodes of the cluster are rated by credibility of their owners.
In a similar way, confidentiality rating is used for data
and as an implication also for processes.
Security mechanisms prevent untrusted nodes to access sensitive data 
and may initiate a process rollback when necessary.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on P2P networks, mobile agents and the capability of these technologies cooperating with one another. It presents an introduction to the problems of P2P networks, describes their typical concepts and application.  Several contemporary systems on a P2P network basis are analyzed in detail. Also included is a brief introduction to agent technologies, multiagent systems and mobile agents. An example of these technologies cooperating with one another is the demo application implementation, which resolves the problem of distributed data backup in P2P networks via mobile agents.</td>]
[<td>This work should provide comfortable record of the television signal over Internet using the remote management. The result of this work will be the web based application, which will manage database of users and television programs and proceed requirements of users ordered by web pages. The GUI of the application will be build on ASP. NET technology and pro-gramming language C# and C++ as well. Project will run on the MS SQL database.</td>]
[<td>This thesis follows advanced techniques to accelerate the combinational logic input derivation. The goal is to extend an existing base tool, which uses an adapted ATPG (Automatic Test Pattern Generator) algorithm PODEM (Path Decision Making Algorithm), by addition of new heuristics. At first, the thesis focuses on a description of that base tool and an analysis of the well known ATPG tools. An adaptation and implementation of selected heuristics come next. After that, experiments and their interpretation follow. Both the experiment interpretation and confrontation of new heuristics with each other as well as with the base tool conclude the thesis.

The outcome is not only a library of new heuristics for the base tool but it is also an insight into the problem of combinational circuit input vector derivation, coming out the PODEM algorithm. The results are shown on experiments.
</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor Thesis focuses on the means of vertex and pixel shader programming in video cards (GPUs) running under MS Windows in an effort to use this information to implement a solver of simultaneous linear equations. The first phase implements the calculation of a multiplicative inverse modulo N in the GPU. The results of the above step are used in the following phase implementing a solver of simultaneous linear equations in a residue number system in the GPU. Finally, the paper explores the ways of parallel data processing during these calculations.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I want to overlook the methods for the water surface modeling used in the computer graphics and implement the technique, which make possible to modelling waves on the water surface near shore in real time. I put the accent on the shallow water phenomena i.e. refraction and breaking of the waves. The goal of this thesis is not a realistic rendering of the water surface, based on the optical phenomena at boundary between water and air.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to introduce storage formats for large sparse matrices, describe possibilities of solving large sparse liner equations systems with iterative methods and part of them (CG, BiCG, BiCGstab) implement.
They will be implemented in sequentional and parallel way using communication library MPI. Their speedup will be measured. These implementations will be compared with other choosen open-source solvers.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to make a suggestion and an implementation of the environment for secure executing students programs in OS Linux. This work describes many security features in Linux.
For formal way to defining security threats are used security criteria. Exactly Common Criteria, which is actualy primary criteria for evaluating security IT products. Finally is described implementation for my project with name Secure Environment for Program Execution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a design and implementation of station safety system into the FPGA in VHDL. The analytical part comprises of a selection of available possibilities ways of realization this system with inspiration in the current relay solution. There are described requirements on system, which keep safety of railway traffic. Solution is resolved into the blocks by the topology and elements used in the yard. System was successfully tested on simple station, where fulfills all requirements, which were demanded. Blocks were designed forcefully on their universality. We can set up system for any complex station, which consists of in this thesis created blocks.</td>]
[<td>This project, The System for updating of documents, deals with the process of updating of the documents (laws, decrees, directives etc.). At present, this process includes lots of paperwork. After logging, users could upload documents, they would have been allowed to enter proposals for changes to individual parts of document and express their views on the proposals.
When using the web portal, user could access updated document from anywhere, where he has access to the internet. The process would be simplified and accelerated, because a part of administration activity associated with it would drop out.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement network interface for Atmel\\\'s ATMega microcontrollers co-operating with WiFi USB network card. First part depicts the problem from theoretical point of view containing description of features of TCP/IP network model followed by MAC layer for wireless LAN networks. It finishes with a basic sumary of USB
device handling. Next part deals with project analysis and inplementation. Last, but not least is final application testing and evaluation of the result.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the design and the implementation of the tracing utility to find the route in the network with the advanced functions. These are backward traceroute and graphical visualization of this route. Animportant feature of the utility is that it makes use of the infrastructure for network performance monitoring -- perfSONAR. It allow to measure performance parameters of the nodes on the network route without direct access to the nodes (ie. SNMP). This is advantageous if we need to get performance parametrs of the nodes where we haven\\\'t got direct access to them and it is unwanted to have this full access. Implementation language of this program is Java. The tracing utilities of the host operating system are used to obtain the sequence of routers along a network path.
</td>]
[<td>World Wide Web Consortium defines Web services as software systems designed to support interoperable machine to machine interaction over a network [7]. In reality there are many Web services that are vendor specific and cannot interact to each other. Usually it is caused by wrong implementation based on ambiguous or incomplete standards. This thesis introduces a visual development and testing tool focused on Web services interoperability. It incorporates benefits of Eclipse integrated development environment with testing functionality based on requirements of Web Services Interoperability Organization summarized in document WS-I Basic Profile. Tool extends popular Eclipse environment with functionality that ensures testing of subset of WS-I Basic Profile related to the Web Service Definition Language. Results of testing are visualized in Eclipse usual manner or provided as a report in the form of the Portable Document Format. Implementation of testing functionality is modular. It is demonstrated on implementation of simple test case such as a spell checker.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the project is to create a C compiler into KCPSM assembler for the PicoBlaze processors used as the components in the gate arrays FPGA. The compiler will be compiled as console application in open source environment for easy using and portability into other system. The compiler will have sublimitation coming out of hardware architecture of the processors, but on the other way will come out of the ISO/IEC 9899:1999 quality standard. With respect to small memory of the processors will be laid stress on optimatization of output code.</td>]
[<td>The objectives of the project are to map the possibilities of the frameworks EJB 3.0 and Spring 2.5, and to find the criteria required to decide which framework is more suitable for a given project, or to use both frameworks if this is the better solution. The project contains a comparison of both frameworks. The components compared are exemplary applications, upon which basic differences between both frameworks are illustrated.</td>]
[<td>This work concerns the subject of analysis, design and prototype implementation of a data manipulation language into the Cellstore project (native-XML database implementation).
</td>]
[<td>This work aims to create a prototype solution of application for contact management and project tasks with the use of software engineering methods demonstrate the problems that may arise in the analysis, design and implementation of complex business software and outline the principle solution. The resulting application will, together with documentation to demonstrate the important aspects in the development of software.</td>]
[<td>This thesis consists of two parts: design of Direct Digital Synthesis (DDS) and detailed ASIC digital design flow. The studies are completed by real digital design of DDS and whole process of mapping to 0.35µm technology from AMIS. The work contains couple of author’s original ideas such as special Serial to Parallel Converter (which is part of the design), universal DDS design methodology. The layout and ASIC characteristics are results of whole work which is the complete source data for fabrication.</td>]
[<td>Mobility and spatial orientation are fundamental prerequisites for independent live of visually impaired people. This work deals with designing of the in-door navigating system working on mobile phone for visually impaired people. Requirements of visu-ally impaired users on navigating system are analyzed at the beginning of the thesis. The main part focuses on user interface of this system and the usability testing of pro-posed design on visually impaired. Three following iterations of usability tests and consequent upgrades of navigation equipment were done on the basis of real experi-ences of tested people at various tracks. The next part describes implementation of the prototype of navigation application for a mobile phone. At the end of this work, there is suggested a process for generating of building descriptions and possibilities of further development of navigating system are described.</td>]
[<td>The idea of keeping any data only in paper form is beeing obsolete long ago, and every modern institute uses variou scale of database programs for any evidence of people or property. The point of this elaborate is to create program for primary schools, the program, which serves for evidence of school personnel, schoolchildren and their efforts.</td>]
[<td>The so-called cascading undo command has been introduced by Aaron Cass and Chris Fernandes. This new approach to the undo command overcomes the weakness of the linear undo command. It allows undoing an arbitrary action from the history while watching the dependencies among the actions. However, there is not a visualization of cascading undo yet. Thus, in this thesis we discuss, introduce, develop, and evaluate several visualizations for cascading undo. Unlike the linear undo visualizations, cascading undo visualizations have to deal with dependencies among user actions. We believe that an overview of the dependencies should be presented to a user before committing and
undo command. The visualizations we proposed are ﬂexible enough to reﬂect the possible complexity of the user actions and their dependencies.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the result of analysis, design, implementation and testing of single purpose filesystem</td>]
[<td>This work concentrates on describing a development of a Netbeans IDE module, which should help the community with creating interoperable web services in this environment.
The module should monitor user\\\'s actions while typing Java source code and warn him of problems restraining interoperability of the developed web service.It also allows the user to validate WSDL files and find interoperabilty problems contained within.
The text of the thesis contains a short introduction into the technology of web services and their development in the Netbeans IDE and a short description of the WSIT.
Next it pursues the analysis of interoperabilty problems which often occur during the programming in this environment and describes some available or competitive solutions for unfolding and fixing these problems.
Finally it describes an implementation and testing of such module.
</td>]
[<td>The bachelor’s thsis deals with creation of information systems – on-line store. After the short brief into the information systems summaries the process steps of their creation. After a deep analysis the main aim was to create a detailed proposal of the information systém followed by the implementation of its particular parts and to create a fully functional online store. The system has been implemented using following technologies: PHP, relational database MySQL, JavaScript and AJAX.</td>]
[<td>The unsatisfactory non-critical elevator state monitoring at Czech television premises at Kavèí hory is solved in this thesis. The thesis analyses the current system for monitoring — which means the single-purpose serial network — which is the base for selecting components of final solution of the problem. The ability of monitoring the elevator states in the web browser everywhere at premises of the Czech television is the result of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>Tato práce se zabývá návrhem a realizací zaøízení, které mìøí teplotu, vlhkost a tlak. Zaøízení
je rozdìleno na dvì èásti, a to èást øídící a mìøící. Mìøící èást se skládá z maximálnì dvou
mìøících modulù, které obsahují senzory pro mìøení ji¾ zmínìných velièin, a které jsou k øídící
èásti pøipojeny pomocí propojovacího kabelu. Øídící èást obsahuje øídící obvod, který jednou za
hodinu vyhodnocuje údaje z mìøících modulù a ukládá je na pøenosné médium.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement information system for HLA laboratory of Immunology institution of University hospital Olomouc (FNOL). The first part is focused on description of main technologies used for development of information system.
The described frameworks are Spring framework and Hibernate. The second part is attended to design and implementation of information system using these technologies. The system is implemented according to laboratory requirements and covers process of acceptation and examination of sample.
</td>]
[<td>This paper is focused on effective backup of XML documents into relation database and it’s backward
reconstruction. It obtains converting XML documents into group of SQL commands, which fill the
database with requested data or which will reconstruct the original XML document. All this under
primary condition of losing none vital information. The outcome of this work are two programs. First
one provides conversion of XML document to sequences of SQL commands and second one provides
reverse operation.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this work is the design and implementation of a supportive decision-making and control supporting software system of data acquired from information instruments of a middle-size or large company. It is intended mainly for management and analytics workers who can better understand the internal data based on this information and make the decision about their further use. It should support the controlling activities, analyses, to expose possible risks of funding abuse, support of funding and strategic management.  
The theoretical part of this work focuses on definition of IT terms, business intelligence and concept of information systems development. The analytic and implementation part explains mainly selection of suitable tools for developing the application and description of the most important part of the designed system. The last part of my work shows results from testing of the implemented application.
</td>]
[<td>The work describes the principles of smart cards based on Java Card platform. In this paper we discuss the Java Card security mechanisms and their vulnerabilities and the cryptography services provided by the platform to Java Card applets. The introduction to secure messaging and secure loading of applets as specified by Open platform is included too.

Then this paper provides the analysis of the possibilities how to integrate the smart card topics to the cryptography courses and offers prepared exercises that through Java Card applets cover the work with cryptography services of the platform.

This work includes the development of the library providing access to Java card, test tool for exercise applets and plug-in for NetBeans IDE that enables the functions like the applet loading on the card and provides support for Java Card applet development in NetBeans IDE.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with problematics of author law violation of on The Internet. The output of this thesis is a methodology for justifying illegal user activities on the Internet according to legislative of the Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>This work is about simulation of VLIW DLX processor. It is a programme based on similarity with WinDLX and it was created as a diploma work in the year 2007. The main target was to improve and extend this programme and remove known mistakes to be more useful for teaching students.
The basic idea was to create a simple simulator to demonstrate software pipelining. Students can create and try on their own programmes and than edit them. Simple changes in a code can safe a time of calculation.
This software was made in programming language Java because of multiplatform usability. The programme is suitable for teaching architectures of computers.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this diploma thesis was to design and implement multimodal
game in VRML whose purpose would be education of little children belonging
to the age group 5 to 9 years. The main method of interaction was to become
the voice interface provided by IBM Corporation.
The result of my effort is a software product consisting of three components
and is more of an educational software than a game and its fundamental
means of interaction is voice communication. By using this product, a child
could gain new knowledge (e.g. the names of geometric figures, objects, colors or
animals) and improve their English not only by listening to a spoken word.
</td>]
[<td>This work presents a design and an implementation of a system for extraction, transformation and loading data into a data warehouse. In the first chapters, this work deals with a theory and principles of a data warehouse with an advice of implementation difficulties and it offers solutions.
In the second half of this work, there is a detail description of the writer’s implementation of ETL engine and examples of sample processes.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with issues concerning centralized surveillance of configuration changes of network components across wide area network (WAN). It is focused on devices, which use command-line interface (CLI) for their administration. The fundamental part of this thesis is to design and develop a software application, which introduces facility for central management of device configuration changes. Emphasis on the design was placed mostly on versatility and adaptability to a variety of devices and their configurations. This goal was achieved thanks to implementation of an interpreter of command scripts, which enables control of desired behavior in configurations retrieval and analysis. The application features a fully distributed architecture of agents providing configuration monitoring.</td>]
[<td>The thesis analyzes requirements of PCs management in corporate networks, it presents an overview of  existing solutions and proposes my own design of a management system. This system, which has been implemented, solves some problems related to hardware, software and running processes audits.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes analysis and implementation of the new information system for Asix s.r.o. company, including initial analysis of company processes and the original information system, which will be replaced by the new one. The new system focuses on support for company orientation, development and production of electronic devices, and for purchases and sales.</td>]
[<td>The performance and the level of programmability of graphics processors (GPU) on current video cards offer new capabilities beyond the graphics applications for which they were designed. These are general-purpose computations which expose parallelism.
In this thesis, I describe the iterative methods for solving sparse linear systems: the Jacobi, Gauss-Seidel, Conjugate Gradient and BiConjugate Gradient method. I explain the architecture of the GPU, their capability of the general-purpose computations and current software platforms which provide an abstraction to the GPU programming: the BrookGPU and RapidMind Multi-core platform. I discuss the iterative methods in the GPU programming environment and describe the implementation for both platforms.
Then I made a performance tests between the sequential algorithms and the algorithms for Brook and Rapidmind. The results of my experiments show that the GPU is better suited for the computation with larger problem dimensions. For the iterative methods, the optimal problem size ~10^6 was observed, where most significant speedup compared
to the sequential implementation was reached. Namely 3x speedup for Brook and 1,5x speedup for Rapidmind. Larger instances (10^7+) encountered a limitation of the graphics API. Brook has been found as faster platform than Rapidmind due to the necessary workarounds in Rapidmind implementation. The general Gauss-Seidel method has been
found as not suitable for processing on the GPUs.</td>]
[<td>Dedicate to questions of Single Sign-On. Study possibilities of synchronization accounts in the enviroment Linux (LDAP), Windows (Active Directory), ASP. NET. Thnik over the connection on the authentication system RADIUS. Consider about a connection on engaged information
structure. Verify your designed solution on reserved conguration of the information system</td>]
[<td>This work deals with proposal of using contactless cards MIFARE as an instrument for users authorization in the building. MIFARE technology was chosen for reasons its wide spreading in the world and the fact that students of CTU and others universities are disposed of this cards. In this work is stated design of electronics components and control and communication software. The main purpose is build cheap but reliable solution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis addresses a current problem in modern computer graphics – the mesh errors. We first summarize all the known mesh errors and offer a categorization based on the error nature. For each of the errors a derivation of impact on the number of mesh geometrical primitives is provided. The derived relations are then used to lay down a foundation of a graph theory approach to error detection, a means promising for a constant time complexity with linear time preprocessing. We introduce two techniques to achieve this goal. The core is in describing the mesh properties by a system of linear equations, which reflect the presence of errors in the mesh. In addition to this, we describe an auxiliary method which exploits the inevitable preprocessing to the maximum to get as much information as possible.</td>]
[<td>This work considers creation of driver for file system Journaling Flash File System version 2 for OpenSolaris. It describes used algorithms, realization possibilities and used data structures.
Included is source code of driver itself, which allows using file system Journaling Flash File System version 2 for block devices on operating system OpenSolaris.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to implement an algorithm that allows to create a continuos 3D model from unorganized point samples. The reconstructed object will consist of triangles and normal vectors at vertices. There are many possible ways how to solve this task. We selected an approach where adaptively sampled vector field is calculated satisfying normal orientations at input points. Afterwards a corresponding scalar field is estimated by solving a large but sparse system of linear equations. Finally Marching Cubes algorithm is then used to extract triangle surface. The implemented algorithm was successfully tested on real data sets and satisfactory results were achieved.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with proposal and realization of highly reliable system based on FPGA. The system is built from any count of identical devices. Each device cosists of one FPGA and one MCU. In the analysis part is described proposal of connection of the devices and seletion of components. System designed like that is fault resistant. The system was succesfully tested by the simple demo application.</td>]
[<td>The Web Graph Service Project(WGS), that is mainly intended for the use of experts
in the field of graph theory, has set 2 main goals that it wants to achieve -
the first is the creation of a database of graphs and their properties, the other
is to enable access to the above mentioned database. This project, due to its complexity,
is being solved in a team of 6 members and after it\\\'s launch, it will provide a powerful
tool for searching for graphs and their properties administered by the WGS.

This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, implementation and the testing of the
component WGS3, which serves as an interface between the part of WGS that computes the properties of
graphs and the part where these properties are stored. This bachelor thesis uses Oracle 10g for storing
computed properties as the relational database managment system.

Another objective of this thesis is to perform measurments and efficiency tests of SQL statements using bitmap and b-tree indexes with the data that have already been imported into the database system and further
analyse these results.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create a draft and afterwards use this draft to implement an on-line
booking system, which will serve as an electronic gate for purchasing tickets, entrance cards
etc.
It will be aimed only on tickets for small bus carriers in the first phase of the development,
but it is expected that it will be easily extensible for other sorts of reservations by new add-on
modules.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the issue of designing and implementing a graphical library designated to CASIO ClassPad 300 calculator. It also deals with the issue of designing and implementing a test interface for this library by creating a bitmap editor. Graphical library and its bitmap editor support drawing of variety of lines and 2D graphical elements. It also supports an extended functions for manipulating with final image like undo and redo. Due to this library is bitmap editor able to store created image in a file and load it back.</td>]
[<td>Today\\\'s VoIp boom is similar to boom of Internet in 90s. Much
cheaper phone calls, independence from building new specialized
networks, ability to connect everywhere you want, these are only few
advantages from classical PSTN network. There is one big
disadvantage too. Security area. Security in VoIP systems needs
different procedures like it was in PSTN. Many new problems
appeared. In this thesis I am describing mostly open source VoIP
technologies, focusing on analysis of security issues and finding
the best solution for given part of the VoIP architecture.

Key words:

SIP, H.323, MGCP, MEGACO/H.248, VPN, IPsec, TLS, SNORT, Skype, IAX,
RTP, SRTP, ZRTP, Zfone, SCTP,  Asterisk
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design and implementation of interfaces of filesystem’s modules
for forensic analysis project. And implementation of the FAT32 filesystem for this project.
Results of this thesis are designed and implemented filesystem’s interface and re-writed FAT32
filesystem from Java programming language to C++ language. Designed interface is able to
work with harddrive or its image.</td>]
[<td>On the crossroads between the fields of evolutionary computation, parallel systems and VLSI design, the Parallel Selfish Gene Algorithm (PSG) is situated. PSG is a new parallel evolutionary algorithm based on recent developments in modern evolutionary biology.

This thesis studies existing evolutionary and parallel evolutionary algorithms, outlining the state of the art in the field, and describes the design and implementation of PSG. The algorithm is subjected to a comprehensive set of experiments evaluating its performance in solving the difficult problem of evolving high quality test pattern generators for the built-in self-test of digital circuits.

The outcome is favorable; PSG is a processor-efficient algorithm. The extension onto multiple processors gives users the ability to reduce execution time or increase solution quality. Furthermore, the test pattern generators evolved by the algorithm are of a high quality, achieving fault coverage rates not normally obtained by heuristic methods.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to develop a tool, that using a static analysis to find program lines,
where could be some local variable set to null, without changeing a semanthic of the program.
This can make the garbage collector more efficient. The tool can work in offline mode, that means
transforming class files in hard drive, or in online mode meaning transform classes, which are
just loading into Java Virtual Machine during the runtime. Solution is tested by unit tests and
tests that authenticate correctness of transformations.</td>]
[<td>Create an audio library for sound distribution of virtual rooms (office, apartment), e.g. door opening/closing, man´s walk, typing, washing-machine, and provide a creation of an audio track from text using the TTS technology (text-to-speech); In the first phase the preprocessing of text script. Be prepared for eventual sound overlapping. Extend a 3D visualization module of SitCom application (application simulates a human behaviour in a room) to playback of these sounds.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the demonstration of speech enhancement
and speech recognition tasks. The solution is based on multiplatform
applications on the basis of WWW applets using the architecture client - server.
Within the initial part I have created the program recording localy audio signal
on client side and sending its then to the server where further processing is realized.
The first application deals with algorithms for speech enhancement
based on spectral subtraction which is implemented in external program CtuCopy (the more general tool for speech enhancement and parameterization) running at the server side. The new audio signal is sent back to the client which can observe it as waveform or spectrogram. It is also possible to play original or
enhanced speech signal on the client side.
Secondly, I realized a demostration of speech recognition within a
voice controlled WWW pages. User can control by voice scrolling of WWW pages (up, down), browsing in the history of pages, or showing new pages according to standard WWW links. Two simple task were
chosen for this demonstrative purposes: simulation of telephone number dialing and on department personnel list with brief contact information. An important part of this application was the creation of energy based detector of speech activity as only the signal containg a speech should be sent to the server side for the recognition.
Speech recognizer implemented at the server is based on standard HMM
modelling and external programs from HTK Toolkit were used for this
purpose. Training of HMM models was not a part of this work.</td>]
[<td>This project deals with the analysis of requirements and classes of information system for shift creating. System is based on research of available programs in use. Description and analysis of new information system, which properly combine properties from available programs was made up from these information.</td>]
[<td>This thesis contains thorough description of design and implementation of the visualizing processor simulator that has been developed to support teaching of processor architectures.
Resulting application provides support of complete instruction set of the DLX processor for integer and floating point operations.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to generate a model of an intersection based on specified input parameters. Input parameters vary from the number and direction of lanes and used textures and their scale to attributes of inserted objects .The application makes use of advanced models prepared in advance. It is not necessary to create a real intersection. There are special functions used for generating the model, whose output are nodes of the VRML language. It is necessary to implement into the generated intersection the change of colors of traffic lights and the movement of vehicles corresponding to these changes.</td>]
[<td>Model transformations are integral part of modeling tools. As well in Armada modeling tool can not be missing. Because each model is in armada represented as a graph, model transformations can be easily handled as graph transformations. And how is this done is main topic of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with requirement mapping on information system for Civic Association INEX – SDA that supports processes for sending out volunteers on international projects. Primary requirements are based on analysis of existing inconvenient system, and they are merged with new demands to meet the actual needs of the Organization.
The work is also engaged in design, implementation, and deployment of the new information system into the production environment. The development process is founded on stepwise creation and transformation of the models.</td>]
[<td>Data mining became very popular, many algorithms for creating data mining and predictive models exist, but problem is how to share these models. Standard PMML exists, which is defined for some common models. No support exists for sharing inductive models with hybrid units. This thesis deals with an extension of standard and implementation of a support to the application GAME for serialization to this data format.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes possibility of using FPGA circuits as GPS navigation. Data from GPS module are obtained via RS232 interface. Controlling of device is possible by TouchScreen
Hardware and software solution is described.</td>]
[<td>Create a script generating module for WebSphere Application Server wsadmin tool. The wsadmin tool supports two scripting languages - Jacl and Jython. It\\\'s sufficient if the created module supports either of these languages, although it\\\'s better to support both for wider usability. Decide what is the expected input for the created module and which way the supported operation set is defined. Prepare a mechanism for extending the generator. Think about the possibility to run in a \\</td>]
[<td>The work presents a design of a device for point-to-point, full duplex, audio data transmission over the Ethernet, implemented on the ML403 FPGA development board. The implementation is based on a system-on-chip (SoC) system with the Xilinx MicroBlaze microprocessor, and it is compatible with the SIP VoIP protocol.</td>]
[<td>Document was written ab ovo. Document is interested in web technologies.
Posibilities of technology XSLT. And associate activities.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the creation of an interactive 3D presentation concerning the celtic oppida Svr¾no using VRML in cooperation with the Institute of Archaelogy of the Academy of Science, Czech Republic. It gives reasons for VRML application and points out possible VRML tools.

The work mentions related projects available on the internet. The work contains a brief history of the reconstructed oppida and describes the archeologic routine during an excavation from the early phase to the creation of 3D vizualization as a mean of documentation.</td>]
[<td>Create a web application for access to the library. Except the list of books (with front page photo), users, evidence of bailments, stats, there could be a possibility of fulltext searching, support of the book notes and it could be helpful for administration. (for example by sending reminders).
The application develope like an example application in Java EE framework - so including documentation with schematics in UML language (use-case, class diagram, sequence diagram and so on.), mainly it must be develobed by clean design and code, using design patterns. The application could be useful for demonstration during classwork.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with analysis, motion of solve and implementation of Packet over SONET (PoS) protocol in FPGA. PoS (RFC 2615) is used for data transfers in SONET/SDH telecommunication networks. VHDL language is used for hardware description and simulation in this work.
</td>]
[<td>The work deals with reading, displaying and processing data from electrocardiograph. An undocumented file format produced by the machine is analyzed in the first part. A method is devised for reading and displaying the format, which is next implemented in a waveform viewer. A script driven environment using JavaScript is developed along with user interface for script editing.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this thesis is taking up with a technology for creation web applications the ASP.NET and a technology for data access ADO.NET, which contains .NET Framework. By the help of ASP.NET and ADO.NET technologies I designed, implemented and tested web pages for a software company. The Part of the work is also analyse technologies for creation web applications like PHP and JSP.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this paper is to explore some facts about optimization algorithms and Cell Broadband Engine (CBE) and to provide a suitable implementation of two optimization algorithms -- the Genetic algorithm (GA) and the Particle swarm optimization (PSO). The CBE certainly is a modern and powerful computer architecture. It brings new dimension of explicit parallelism which, however, heavily relies on proper program design. Optimization algorithms, on the other hand, are very powerful search techniques used in computing to find exact or approximate solutions to optimization and search problems.</td>]
[<td>The Simplification of Formulas</td>]
[<td>The topic of this work is to design and implement application Phone book for looking for and administration of employee’s contacts in company of submitter. The main reason for creation is shift of responsibility from administrator to persons of individual departments intended for. Application must be simple and user friendly. It is destined for intranet (portal). So it must be done as a portlet.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the technology of voice transmission over the IP networks. The next part deals with methods for speech quality evaluating in that networks. Drop outs in the IP networks influence the quality of transmission, what is the subject of experimental work on highly available network.

Keywords: VoIP, QoS, network parameters, drop outs</td>]
[<td>Goal of this thesis is to describe the RUP methodology with focus on the discipline of testing. Thesis describes modification of methodology for the concrete project – i. e. its possible simplification and modification pointing to costs reduction. Thesis shows a small project realized according to RUP\\\'s processes, including example outputs.</td>]
[<td>The thesis presents a system for processing and managing orders in middle-sized company. The thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of the system.</td>]
[<td>Web Interface is a component of Web Graph Service.
Its main goal is to provide user friendly interface to Web Graph Service and also to cooperate with other components in the most efficient way.
It allows users to search in a huge graph database according to their criterion, to view graph details, to edit and download graph information.</td>]
[<td>This master’s thesis deals with implementing a prototype of new component model that avoids unnecessary development efforts required for common rating algorithm. The work decomposes old style of components into smaller, reusable components. It discusses and chooses the best solution with the criteria as performance and memory usage. This work implements different types of interfaces for component evaluations. Also, component parameters were cached and all the approaches were discussed in this thesis in order to achieve better performance.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the issue of the conversion of ASCII text to the
format of MIDI (Musical Instruments Digital Interface) file and the other way round. It describes the basis conceptions, proper program in PHP and its use in practice.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>Image segmentation is a process of identifying high-level information, such as shapes of objects from a bitmap image, possibly for their extraction or other use. Several algorithms have been examined. The Random walker algorithm has been implemented as a part of a new application. This application allows users to interactively select important areas of an image and create vector path representation of those areas. The main contribution of the application is its assistence in converting images such as digital photographs to vector artwork.</td>]
[<td>The document presents the result of many days and nights lasted study of XMPP protocol, Jabber network following implementation of modular Java client.</td>]
[<td>The work presents the implementation of a personal scheduler combined with a simple contacts manager. Events created by the user are being transmitted to Google Calendar via Calendar API and saved locally as well. Tasks and contacts are saved only locally, since they are not supported by any API as of yet.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement e-shop focused on the sale of configurable laptops. The main elements of the project are: configurator, offer of preconfigurated laptops, automatic
updates and well-arranged administration. The work should simplify purchase of configurable laptop for end-users.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to design and implement graphic editor that will typeset and display TeX texts (labels) over input vector image. Graphic editor also provide simple manipulation with these labels. Output of this program is source code for typesetting system Tex. After compiling the source code with pdfTex, the vector images with positioned labels are created in the document.</td>]
[<td>Main purpose of this work is design a email client suitable for blind users. Client is based on Web 2.0 as web application. Client supports access for several users and simultaneously access to several email servers. Blind users communicate with client via vocal interaction. Method of software engineering policy was adopted and user manual and
administrator manual is enclosed.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the master thesis is to project and implement an application for a valuation of the teaching and for executing other little surveys. This application will be differ from the current existing application, and will be improved by addition some new features. The thesis consists of four main parts, which together result in a one software. These four main parts are project and create a database, project and implement an user\\\'s part of the application (for executing surveys), project and implement an administrative part of the application (for creation and administration surveys and for administration gained inquiries) and last but not least execute usability tests of the administrative part of the application. For the development of the application will be used entirely free development tools and resources, so that everyone could continue in development.
The result of the master thesis is creation the first version of the software, where a development and implementation of next features could be made. From the usability tests of the administrative part of the application will be made the first suggestions for a improvement current version of the the application.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of my bachelor thesis is the implementation of the Measurements module for the testing framework E-WAIT, which is a project that facilitates the work of programmer during testing and comparing of algorithms.

Measurements module provides displaying of passed tests. It allows, in cooperation with the Visualization module, combining the results and their comparison.

The thesis contains an analysis of requirements of the Measurements module, compared technologies for a program development and nally a description of implementation in Java programming language.
For the development of modules across the E-WAIT was used Google Web Toolkit framework, which enables producing efficient and user-friendly Web applications.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the analysis, design and implementation of a web portal for
the team coordination. This system proposes the improvement of the team communication
and makes the work on realized projects more transparent. The result of this work is a fully
functional and useable application.</td>]
[<td>Adaptive navigation in e-learning uses adaptive techniques from adaptive hypermedia to reduce navigation overhead in hypertext. New navigation method – social links – is presented in this work, which is based on social bookmarking, a web 2.0 technology, which can be used in e-learning.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with design and implementation of simulator of social interactions of simple
agents, that change and optimize their attitudes on the basic of social interactions. Futher
it decribes the simulator\\\'s functin, behavior, architecture and some experimental results. The
simulator is developed with regard ti its simple future extensibility.</td>]
[<td>This aplication is for operation system Linux and makes it possible to set and change various types of addresses of ethernet card, connect to wireless nets a save settings to profiles. It is programmed in Java programming language. The principle of function is executing commands of operation system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on the eld of computer graphics, which attempts to solve the global illumination. It is especially addressing the possibilities of measuring the accuracy of the algorithms solving this task. These ndings are used to choose the most suitable metric to measure the Lightsprint library and the results of this measurement are presented. The result of this thesis
are the data which show how much the measured library diverges from the ideal solution under various conditions. Another contribution of this work is a comparison of some of the currently available rendering solutions, which shows how much their results conform to the analytically computed data.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this work is to implement the ResourceBundle editor for the NetBeans IDE. Editor should be user-friendly and easy to use.</td>]
[<td>The goal of diploma thesis was to develop an application providing interactive lighting adjustments in feature film 3D scenes in modeling and animation software Maya. We have achieved this goal by implementation of a plug-in for Maya application. This plug-in implements it’s own renderer that uses maximum of the computational power of the modern graphics accelerators (GPU) and their programmability. We were able to implement a functional application that is fully used in the lighting stage of the creation the first Czech 3D computer animated feature film.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses an attempt to discover DES algorithm ciphering key using dierential cryptoanalysis based on measuring current side channel of a microprocessor. The text begins with description of used methodology and requirements for conducting the attack. The next chapter describes the actual measurement of the course of power consumption, followed by detailed description of processing and evaluating the measured data. The thesis is concluded by summarization of achieved results and possibilities of future advancements are suggested.</td>]
[<td>In this work we are trying to show technical falls of the spam. Spamming is one of the greatest threats in the Internet community. Spammers are trying to hack computer’s networks, steal personal data of user’s bank accounts and their doing overload the Internet and harass users. In this work we focused on the spam situation in real company. There, we are analyzed situation of the spam and it’s depends.
Goal of this bachelor thesis is finding appropriate solution, steps and actions in company Orlík kompresory which will lead to elimination of the spam in the company network.
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis we show parallel simulation methods of finite automata (FA) based on the Basic simulation, Bit parallelism and Dynamic programming methods. We compare the parallel
methods with well known sequential versions of these methods and find whether and under what
conditions is worthy to use the parallel methods of simulation of run of finite automata.
Contrary to the fact, that there are methods of sequential simulation of FA run with nice time
complexities, we can reach the moment, when the time needed to finish the simulation grows over
acceptable bounds (e.g. in case of very large input text). Then, we need to find another solution.
One of possible solutions can be running the simulation in parallel.
We introduce the paralell simulation methods for general DFA and NFA, which are universal,
but due to the dependency of simulation time on the number of states |Q| of automaton being
simulated, they are suitable only for simulations of run of automata with the smaller number of
states.
On the other hand, if we apply some restrictions to properties of automata being simulated,
we can reach the linear speedup compared to the sequential simulation method. First, we show
methods benefiting from k-locality and then we introduce (q0, k)-synchronizability, that allows
optimal parallel simulation of exact and approximate pattern matching automata.
Finally, we show the results of experiments conducted on two types of parallel computers
(Cluster of workstations and Symmetric shared-memory multiprocessors). In these experiments,
we measure time of run of programmes implemented according to introduced parallel algorithms
and compare it with sequential simulations.</td>]
[<td>Significance of Geographical Information Systems (GIS) is more popular in these days. Their improvement covers broad part of human work. Their application is increased in the cities with a view to digitalize maps and creation of 3D models. The cities invest much money to GIS because of betterment transport conditions, solving the situations after natural disasters and achieving themselves in the sphere of tourist trade. 

Geographical data are converted from a paper form to a digital form. Data format (.shp) saves these data to a non-topological and unstructured set. But structuring is very important, it should reflect the organization of real data. The cities are subdivided into city districts, then into smaller territorial entities and last but not least into a separate buildings.

The buildings are stored into a database ObjectStore for their easy finding, data holding and generally their effortless modification. It is significant because of their following visualisation. The geographical information and data are very vast. Usage of data display technique is very relevant. One of these is LoD (Level of Details), in which only some parts of models are depicted.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with monitoring activities, availability and performance of business information system. The result is a functional extension of the existing information system to facilitate monitoring.</td>]
[<td>This work should be used by students of course Architecture of Computer Systems to understanding principle of cache like associativity or replacement policy and hers cooperation with main memory include using in SMP systems with coherency protocols WTWNA or MESI.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the issue of designing and implementation of curve parametric editor and their techniques of creating and manipulating in two-dimensional space. Editor supports work with four types of curves and is suitable for demostrating their basic properties.</td>]
[<td>The Master´s Thesis is focused on multi-tier applications on platform .NET, then on developer´s problems with data and logical tiers implementation. The first part gives overview of available object – relational mappers on nowadays market. These object – relational mappers are researched with a view to architecture and availability of tools in order to simplified developer´s work with writing code. As a result, there are realized performance and memory tests.
The second part is focused on new data types which work with geo – spatial data in SQL Server 2008. Next part describes ways of object – relational mapper implementation. It is based on LINQ technology which works with new data types.
The final part of the thesis evaluates object – relational mappers from different ways of usability.</td>]
[<td>This work contains characterization and architecture of actual grafic card as well as method usage in solving specific project. This project purpose was count and display lay of temperature in solid shape of cube. I consider also advisability using grafic processor for this project.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to introduce inductive modelling, especially GAME method, as one of the methods used in data mining process and compare this method with other methods of data mining. In the next part I would like to present terms like parallelism and parallel programing on Symmetric multiprocessor systems, explain the difference in basic approaches of finding parallel solutions, discuss the posibilities and assets of parallelizing evolution of inductive
models generated by GAME method and implement the chosen solution in JAVA programming language. The goal is not to implement new natural evolution algorithms, the ones used in GAME method are to be preserved.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with a design and an implementation of a system for the Smalltalk/X which enables generate aspect methods. The user runs generating via UIPainter utility. The implemented system is split into two parts: (1) parse tree generator (RBBuilder), (2)
strategies of generating and their use.</td>]
[<td>Basic topic of this bachelor work is software development support using UML CASE IDE tool NetBeans 6. It shortly illustrates an evolution in approach of developing new software, which leads to the beginning of new branches, such as software engineering. It describes some of new methodologies, which were established in reaction to rising complexity of software, and reports present situation, when computer support of development, represented by UML CASE tools, is in common use. Further it explains in what cooperation of UML CASE and IDE tool beneficial is.
	The main goal is to analyze and explain present options of UML CASE IDE tool NetBeans 6 support in process of developing software using EUP methodology. Described theoretical principles are demonstrated on an example of iterative development of game Pexeso.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to implement a CORDIC method based on FPGA for calculation inverse trigonometric functions and the calculating accuracy analysis. In the first half of thesis is the explanation of general theory fundamentals and inverse trigonometric functions application including implementation analysis and factors influencing accuracy. In the next part is the implementation description, tests results and accuracy evaluation.</td>]
[<td>Object of this thesis is a tool for simplified commiting software programs, which students work out during teaching of algorithm development.
In the first part describes main technologies used for development web applications, in the second part deals with concept and implementation of modules www interface and plagiarize checking.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with railway stations and its operation via graphical user interface which is programmed to comply with new way of railway safeguarding system created by my team colleagues. Whole work is in team and its goal is to transform old electro mechanic relay based safeguarding system into fully electronic way with operation via computer application with graphical user interface, whose implementation is the subject of this particular paper.</td>]
[<td>This work is about proposal and implementation of system for 3D visualization of sign language from already motion captured data based on record of sign language. Work shows and describe most common file format for motion capture data like BVA, BVH or C3D. Further work paid attention to representation complicated structure like robot or human. Work present transformation between different coordinate systems and also rotation calculation using quaternions. In final chapter is shown implementation of system.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this Bachelor Thesis is the creation of a book evidence information system for the SWING research group operating at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering CTU in Prague. The key requirements for that have been specified are use of open-source technologies, accessibility through the web and compatibility with some kind of XML storage through XML export and import. In addition to the implementation, this document also contains analysis and design solutions. The output of this work is fully functional software, and an installation and user manual.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to explain the problem of the quadratic sieve algorithm in the analytic part. This algorithm is a way of solving factorization of big numbers. Consequently, this thesis deals with the implementation of the above mentioned algorithm in multi-thread environment using the GMP library and the research of the scaleability of the selected implementation.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement a plugin for rendering into 3ds Max. This plugin is supposed to integrate 3Delight into 3ds Max. 3Delight is a RenderMan compliant rendering program. Therefore, this work contains required theroretical basics necessary to comprehend the RenderMan standard, basics for implementing plugins into 3ds Max and implementation part, which describes problem solution. This work contains also plugin for export scene to the file. Program functionality is verified on several scenes and some of the rendered images are shown at the conclusion of this work.</td>]
[<td>Plugin for modeling of relational databases systems of Armada tool provides components for visual editing of database structure, which can be created in module project or be loaded through connection to existing database. This structure edited by user can be saved as type graph and then reloaded. Module can connect structures created by user, loaded from database or type graph. Type graph atomically describes data structures and provides its dates to Armada tool
for next operations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dealing with the design and implementation of a Java library capable of simulating and demonstrating the behavior of agents equipped with sensors controlled by neural networks and their interaction with obstacles and with other agents. 
The intention was to create software showing an arena that contains various surfaces, obstacles and agents. A movement of each agent is controlled 
by a controller that can be implemented for example as a neural network getting inputs from the sensors the agent is equipped with.
One of the requests for the library was an easy-to-use API, which, as can be seen on the usage examples, was fulfilled. Another functional requirement successfully implemented is the possibility to load scenarios from external SVG files. 
Furthermore, the arena, along with everything it contains, can be captured at any given moment and exported to an SVG file.
The implementation is written in Java using some, mostly open source, third-party libraries, such as Batik for working with SVG files or Phys2D, a 2D physics engine.</td>]
[<td>The result of my work is the electronic form of the game Battleship in 3D graphics design with sound and graphic effects. The game can be played against a computer, enemy on the same computer or enemy through the network. A new type of shots and explorational flights are added to this version of the game Battleship. The game is created using OpenGL and SDL libraries.</td>]
[<td>The master thesis is focused on design and implementation of object database for Java applications. The database is designed to only use Java for data definition and data manipulation. Byte-code of persistent classes is analyzed and modified before being passed to Java Virtual Machine. This ensures maximum transparency when working with persistent data. The main goal of the design is ease of use in application. Only features available in Java API are used. No native code, vendor specific behavior or undocumented Java Virtual Machine features are required.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to design and implement a general modular graphic engine. The engine is determined to visualize 3D data in real time (so called 3D engine). The main purpose of this work is to create universal library with wide area of exploitation, from specialized application used for scientific visualization to computer games. The user using the library needn\\\'t learn details about visualization itself, but he can only focus to modeling the problem he solves. Graphic 3D engine is very huge library which is generally created by a team of specialists for several years. Therefore, design in this work has been developed with accent to generality and extensibility. The intention is to create base of 3D engine which can be extended to more complex systems. The user, that want to use the library out of scope of base functions, can create own functions and adapt the engine to his needs and requirements.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is concerned with a new implementation of the original strategic web-based game Insect World. At the beginning the game system, unique elements in the game and the range of the new implementation are described, followed by analysis and design of the solution. The subsequent parts contain detailed description of interesting features of the game including interactive map generation, the attack algorithm and the automatic actions. After that methods and results of project testing are mentioned. In the conclusion main beneﬁts of the new implementation are summarized and plans of the further project development are presented.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to integrate automatic wire connecting feature into the existing application INKS (Interactive Tool for Drawing Schematics of Logic Circuits). It examines utilization possibilities of several algoritms and presents the chosen solution, which is modified A* algorithm. It describes the implementation of the algorithm including the integration into the existing program and needed alterations of the program. It evaluates achieved results and compares them to a proprietary application\\\'s behaviour.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with usage of GPS tracks for an automatic creation of vector maps and navigation. GPS system, track logging and data processing are described. Detail of algorithms used for map creation and a route planning are described. The work contains a system of applications, which verify functionality of the algorithms. All applications were successfully tested on PC and mobile Java devices and the selected solution was found satisfactory.</td>]
[<td>This text documents the project Copy service information system. The project is designed for a small company and makes possible to control all costumers, their copiers and events on these copiers. Copy service information system is based on requierements of the company SKORI, s.r.o.
The thesis is divided into a few parts. In the first part there is evolution in the area of web
application (web information system) described and technologies supporting the development
of web application are introduced there. The second part describes the requirements
for information system. In the next part we can find the analysis, implementation description and summary of tools for development of the information system. The last part describes testing and it summarizes the thesis. We can find User manual, Instalation manual, CD and other relevant information in appendixes.</td>]
[<td>This work contains implementation of  complete solution for measuring the absorption coefficient and acoustic impedance of materials. Measurements were made in compliance with standard ÈSN ISO 10534–2. The work contains required theoretical basics, implementation of computing algorithms and several experiments. Functionality of the system is verified in two ways – first by comparison to theoretical values and second by comparing to measurement compliant with standard ÈSN ISO 10534–1.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is to design and implement a tool monitoring database index usage efficiency. The tool was developed with respect to easy portability between various platforms, easy user control and to provide guidance on indexes showing symptoms of design mistake. The work provides guide and tool for disclosing and remediation of indexes that are needlessly loading machine by its own maintenance. In addition brings possibility to create storage enabling snapshot-based analysis.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this bachelor’s work is to create a reliable sport club information system that would serve to its members and visitors of club’s web page. The project is estimated to have two distinct user graphic interfaces with different functionality separating roles of common users and administrators. Presented will be match statistics, user profiles, articles, discussion board and other services linked together to form a compact information system. In this document you will find project analysis, as well as implementation and testing. Last part contains user manual giving a reader an idea of the system’s functionality.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project presents design of the Built-In Self-Test (BIST), based on Column matching algorithm, for the Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). The goal is to design a tool for implementation such BIST and to test its functionality. The Test Pattern Generator (TPG) is based on the Linear Feedback Shift Register (LFSR) and on the logic which transforms a non-deterministic test patterns, generated by the LFSR, into a deterministic. This logic is generated on base of the Column-matching algorithm. The Response evaluator is based on the Multiple Input Shift Register (MISR). BIST is designed for both combinatorial and sequential circuits. Processing test patterns is implemented only in the test per clock configuration.

</td>]
[<td>In my bachelor´s thesis I propose the implementation of the Record Service or Spisová slu¾ba module into the XOOPS CMS system. The module serves to keep track of circulated documents from the time of entry, throughout processing and until such time as the documents are archived or shredded. At the same time, the module provides an overview of the organizational structure, the rights of individual users and the deadlines for processing individual documents.
 
</td>]
[<td>Plugin for modeling of source code of Armada tool provides simple and well-arranged view of source code and gives a user possibillity to change names of classes, interfaces, methods, attributes ana variables. Model is represented by a graph, which can be saved and again loaded, so you can to take back the whole model. Graph describes the whole source code and creates main data structure of whole Armada\\\'s API. It is in principle a main instrument for communication a sharing informations among modules.</td>]
[<td>The result of this bachelor thesis is program in Java capable of correcting representation of Czech characters with diacritic in PDF files. Correction is made by merging composites into one character. Functionality is limited by extendable list of fonts.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of simple digital circuits trough
the Handel-C language. It compares quality and hardware composite of implemented circuits
with solutions of given circuits via schematic write in subject X36JPO.</td>]
[<td>The objectives of this bachelor\\\'s thesis are weighted pseudo-random patterns hardware generators. It examines primarily the connection between length of an automaton, seed and period of generated states of these automata with various boundary conditions. It deals also with possible ways of modifying the weight of patterns, which are generated by linear hybrid cellular automata. Using ISCAS benchmark circuits proposed automata are compared to linear feedback shift register in terms of fault coverage.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to implement the filesystem Ext2 (Extended Second) into OpenSolaris operating system. The next step would be probing the possibilities of enhancement of the implementation to ext3 filesystem.

Ext2 was implemented in many different operating systems (like *BSD) and in spite of the fact that it is lately replaced by most modern file systems, it is still a good data exchanging and sharing standard of todays. </td>]
[<td>This project will design and get webhosting server oering all the standard services, with the
possibility of administration of all services through a Web interface based on the PHP scripting
language. Standard services are FTP, mail, database, CRON, statistics and control of occupied
space. The server is designed to facilitate the work of serving the maximum and very relieve
administration users. From the perspective of the operator is required to build the automation
of payments, watch the expiration of services and do detailed statistics. From the perspective
of users of the server must allow operation of all services through the web interface and viewing
and made outstanding payments.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The scope of presented work is design and implementation of a software tool which enables management of AVI (Audio Video Interleave) video files on a computer. This tool, unlike the available solutions, uses its own implementation of reading, checking and writing routines, which makes it independent on availability of system libraries. Tool gives a detailed list of all available information on the architecture of AVI files using multilayer view. The view at the highest level of abstraction will allow us to replay these video files with the use of the DirectShow system`s support.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement a web application that will act as a proxy between UIProtocol server and HTTP browser. UIProtocol is developed for i2home project to describer user interface appearance and behavior. Applications based based on the protocol are used to control home appliances. The web application will enable a browser supporting XHTML and JavaScript to control the i2home system. The web application is based on PHP and MySQL technologies.</td>]
[<td>In my work, I’m dealing with problem about Quality of Service (QoS) and controlling of data flow on a linux router. Furthermore with designing systems, that guarantees desired Quality of Service and implementation of them on GNU/Linux platform. The outcome of this work is particular implementation of such system for network of non-profit organization Klfree.net.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to modify the Furby Toy to allow its wireless control. The goal of the project is to design new electronics for Furby in such a way, that any mechanical part doesn’t have to be modified. Wireless transmission is based on BlueTooth technology using F2M03AC2 module by Free2Move. 
Modified toy should be able to execute movements and monitor/reflect state of its sensors. Additional requirement is to support carrying of audio signal between the toy and controlling PC. This would potentially enable voice control of Furby (voice control doesn’t belong to goals of this thesis).
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to implement optimal parallel LR(k) parser and to compare it with LLP*(1,1) parallel parser.
   Optimal parallel LR(k) parser is described in publication J. Brabec: Construction of optimal parallel LR(k) parser for a PRAM machine. The algorithm consists of 5 steps. In the first step the graph of possible transitions is built. It represents all possible decomposition paths of input string. Then the nondeterminism is reduced and only the correct parsing path is chosen using these operations: pointer jumping technique, reduce-rank-expansion strategy, parallel parenthesis matching and segmented parallel prefix sum.
   Parser was tested on various grammars and input strings to determine its efficiency. 
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is implementation of a NetBeans module supporting Apache Geronimo
application server inside NetBeans environment, using JSR-88 specification. Such module
would simplify developement and help spreading Apache Geronimo server inside NetBeans community. </td>]
[<td>This work is about finding optimal routes through a virtual environment, achieving this goal by the means of particle simulations and trying to understand what it is all about.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to analyse the data collected from pilot study \\</td>]
[<td>Processors are equipped with broad hierarchy of memories, which serve to bypass the performance difference between main memory and the processor itself. Their importance  rises along with the performance of modern processors. This thesis concerns the analysis of nowaday processors memory hierarchy. It describes the structure and organisation of individual memories and their impact on performance. Consequently based on this information, it describes design and the implementation of the simulator and the simulator-based visualisator of memory hierarchy.</td>]
[<td>The work is focused on the detection of failures in logic circuits, particularly through the activities two-wire logic. 
The first part is devoted to brief introduction to logic circuits and their formal records. In other parts of the main types of disturbances, disturbances modeling and principles of detection, with an emphasis on the detection of disorders by using two-wire logic. At the conclusion are given the involvement of circuits and improve properties example transfer circuit (benchmark) to two-wire logic.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project was to study the theory of Petri net and to build up Petri net model, then to convert it tu VHDL, to make (to perform) an analysis and synthesis of it. CPN Tools and WoPed software tools were used for the model building, PNML2VHDL from ing. Marek was used for converting to VHDL. ISE WebPack and ModelSim were used for synthesis and simulation of designed model.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a concept of non-linear cellular automaton with dynamic rules, designated to generate test vectors for testing of integrated circutis. Commonly used test pattern generators are described, then the automaton is designed, implemented, veriﬁed and its quality from the test-generation point of view is confronted with the others.</td>]
[<td>Learning to recognize affordances is an essential skill essential for safe autonomous operation and intelligent planning. In this thesis, we present a general learning algorithm for affordances that combines an active learning approach with decision tree induction -- smart exploration with rule extraction. Our framework constructs a mental model of objects\\\' affordances both through knowledge discovery and knowledge transfer scenarios in both propositional and relational domains. Empirical experiments in a simulated environment show that the algorithm successfully constructs useful rules for robotic tasks. Experiments illustrating the difference in the quality of the models the agent learned via different object-selection schemes and learning techniques are analyzed. Active learning combined with relational decision trees consistently outperformed other approaches in all scenarios.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the detail analysis of leading a table tennis club and
organizing tournaments and leagues issues. The objectives of this thesis are to collect
requirements and to analyze the problem, in order to create fundaments for a computer
program, which should make leading a table tennis club and organizing tournaments and
leagues easier.
In the first part the thesis deals with explaining the table tennis issues. The second part deals
with requirements collecting. The third part deals with creating an analysis-level model of
classes describing the problem. The last, fourth part of the thesis deals with dynamic
processes of the issue.</td>]
[<td>This thesis provides an overview of web content management systems. The work focuses on Drupal and its modules, in particular ones dealing with content, user control and triggers. The result of this work is a research of CMS, especially Drupal and an implementation of some of it\\\'s modules for Department of Computer science and Engineering on CTU. </td>]
[<td>The bachelors thesis deals with architecture of computer scripting language used for generating the text output with special focus on web and with implementation of it’s interpret. Language is specially modified for easy generation of XML and languages derived from XML, such as XHTML, RSS, but even HTML.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is design and implements information system for
management of documents, which will be stored in database. System will be
three-layer architecture and will be accessible by the thin client.
During analyses and design will be working according to methodology Unified
Process in touch with language UML.</td>]
[<td>Design and implement a hardware device for data storage on SD cards. Measured values derived from RS232 serial bus will be stored in individual files, according to the type of measured data. The device will support the FAT32 file system. The device will be realized with the PIC18F4550 microcontroller.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with protocol XMPP (Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol). Purpose of this protocol is in instant delivering of messages through the net\\\\-work. It\\\'s only known standardized protocol with open specification for instant messaging. Thesis describes analysis and implementation of communication program built on XMPP protocol. Program allows user to send and receive text messages, shows state of user\\\'s contacts. Its written in C++ programming language and uses open source libraries.</td>]
[<td>The text deals with a possibility of parallelization of a formal translation. It deals a with formal
translation directed by LLP (1, 1) parser and its comparing with the sequential LL(1) translation.
The method is derived from the parallel LLP (1, 1) parsing algorithm and it is based on use of an
adjusted PLLT table. Its theoretical time complexity is O(log^2 n).
The text deals with realization of parallel translation algorithm on computer with distributed
memory with time complexity O((n/p)log(n/p) + (n/p)log^2 p). It gives a description of parallel
algorithms used as steps in the parallel translation algorithm. Text decribes measurements of
speed of the parallel translation performed for several different translation grammars.</td>]
[<td>This work is about implementation of BIST in VHDL.
Target Circuit is given in netlist format. Then syntesisable VHDL code is generated with BIST. Testing Method for BIST is available test-per-clock and test-per-scan. Technique  reseeding is used, by handling some programs, to make algorithm for the best available fault cover, in options given by user. Also is posibility to set seeds manualy by user, and also multi-polynomial LFSR technique is available for this.
So made are some programs to generate VHDL code for circuit with BIST, by this methods and documentation and manuále for their use.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the concept and implementation of information system for the college network administration. The content of my thesis aims at analysis of currect system, concept of a new modular system and implementation of the core and basic modules of proposed system.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with analysis of algorithms which are used in the computer games. More presisely used methods of searching state space. Likewise it deal with build up graphic enviroment in cooperation with state space of algorithms mentioned above. In result subsequently pick out acceptable algorithms eventualy edit this algorithms and applies them in created graphis enviroment of game.</td>]
[<td>Create a graphics module allowing users to create, view, edit and delete WebSphere Application Server administrative objects of certain types. The supported object types could include JMS queues, JMS connection factories, JDBC data sources and others. This module should be conceived as a plugin for the WebSphere Administration Console. The architecture of the module should be made easily extensible and it should be possible to add support for more administrative object types. Create another module - graphical configuration editor. The configuration is a set of supported object types and their attribute definitions. The part of the code could be shared between the two modules.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and create a simple transformation algorithm, which allows transformation of SQL SELECT statement to form compatible with informatics ETL mapping. The algorithm should cover transformation of basic components commonly used in ETL mapping.
The thesis can be divided into two parts; theoretical and practical. Theoretical part de-scribes sphere of data warehouses and ETL design problems. Practical part include a descrip-tion of used technology, description of designed transformation algorithm and testing  methodology. Practical part also includes a pilot implementation of designed algorithm.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on human resources planning management in a project oriented business company. It describes methods used for project planning and based on Critical Chain method goes through the design and implementation of the application for project planning and management support. This application allows users to create and maintain project plans, share resources between projects, and use resource overview for both project managers and employees. The application should help decreasing the projects life time and increase the chances of successful delivery.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to explore the theory of project management methodology AIM and then design and implement application to support the implementation of management information system Oracle EBS. The application is developed using ADF (Java EE 5.0), contains a database, application and client layer.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the analysis of the marketing research in practice and with the description, design and implementation of an Information System (IS) that may help a company to perform a software-based marketing research in a market-based economy. 

The project consists of a brief description of marketing research process and its analysis in order to point out the parts that are crucial for building a successful marketing strategy. Furthermore I describe in detail the methodology and techniques, together with some arguments, why they have been used in the design and implementation of this system.

</td>]
[<td>Bachelor work deals with work with the managing of IPTABLES and its usage for the creating firewalls for the Linux operating system. Second part of the work contains draft and the implementation of the web application for the making the basic rules using IPTABLES.</td>]
[<td>This work presents design and implementation of network frame analyzer in FPGA. This analyzer preprocesses data captured by an Ethernet adapter. It analyzes what protocols are transported by the Ethernet frame a what are offsets of their headers within the frame. This information will then make further more detailed analysis considerably easier.</td>]
[<td>This work proposes new ways how to access search engines from mobile phone using  text and voice. This work contains overview of basic features of various programming languages, technologies and applications used or available in conjunction with mobile phones, speech recognition or synthesis and network communications. An architecture for voice controlled mobile search with the use of selected tool is proposed. An example application was implemented over the architecture and its effectiveness and usability is evaluated. Implemented application also contains independent components which are adding or extending basic function not presented in given implementation of Java ME. Tests proved excellent usability of proposed architecture, but also revealed that voice recognition and synthesis has to be used with care to obtain reliable results and good usability.</td>]
[<td>The master thesis is focused on analysis, design and implementation of a library for rendering, validating and processing of input from web forms. The forms are described by a XML configuration file defining all interface components and all their attributes including validation criteria. The library enables simple altering of visual appearance and/or changing output format of the form. The library provides support for adding complex components such as calender. The XML configuration file is similar to HTML in terms of complexity, which makes it easy to understand. The library significantly simplifies and speeds up the development of the web forms.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the diploma thesis is to implement the project manager and runtime environment modules for test framework E-WAIT, which make the creation and management of algorithms easier. 
Project manager module provides assembling and management of tested algorithms using effective web interface.
Runtime environment  module takes care of parallel test execution.
When implementing, the following technologies have been used: Google Web Toolkit, grid computing framework JPPF and JavaCC parser generator. 
The thesis also includes an analysis of module requirements, a choice of sufficient technologies and a description of implementation on Java platform.

</td>]
[<td>The word-based text compression is a novel compression approach which exploits high correlation
between words in the sentence. This approach allows us to achieve not only better
compression ratio but even better compression and decompression time. Basic idea of wordbased
compression methods is to consider the words as source units instead of characters.
Almost all known compression methods (statistical, dictionary and even context) can be advanced
on word-based compression methods. We focus in our work on statistical word-based
compression methods.

We present two word-based statistical compression methods in the thesis. First of them
is implementation of Dense Coding and is oriented on compression and decompression time
performance. Second implementation is word-based arithmetic code and is more oriented on
compression ratio. The implementations are based on proposals of previous works from Hor-
spool, McCormack, Brisaboa, de Moura, Navarro and Moffat.

We present also experiments and comparison to other compression methods (character-based
and even word-based). At the end we summarize our results and propose some ideas and
possible improvements in the word-based compression.</td>]
[<td>This diploma work deals with user interface development using Microsoft Windows Presentation Foundation technology. It describes possibilities and opportunities of this technology and its visual components. At most it deals with a custom controls development and their usage in the user interface of a healthcare information system. The work also describes a creation of an application prototype and an usability test of the developed solution.</td>]
[<td>Travel agency Honza needs new information system, which will be reliable, fast, flexible and will be using modern IT technologies. It will be used for managing contacts, tours, contracts, equipment, equipment rental shop and finances.
This bachelor project involves system designing and particular realization.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is a detailed analysis of an information system simplifying operation of aeroclub. It summarizes the issue which is present in aeroclub\\\'s operation and describes its automated solutions. It also includes a solution for the shortcomings of existing systems and creates a basis for a competitive product based on the current standard of information systems.
It begins with the verbal description of the problem for easy understanding of all patterns. After that follows its elaboration in the form of functional requirements and use cases. The last two parts of the analysis, namely the definition of class analysis and implementation of use cases are based on this information. Finally there is provided brief description of the main features of two competing products.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes the use of interval arithmetic for the solution of a linear equation system. The libraries for the extended accuracy computation are used. The system designed and implemented as a part of the thesis is capable of solving the linear interval equation system for the systems with regular system matrix. These systems can be solved using 6 different methods. Moreover, the application of preconditioning before any method provides significant improvement of the solution. Finally there are 12 ways how to solve the system. The final solution may be composed of intersection of separate methods or it is possible to select the final solution as the best solution of single methods. Because of the interval arithmetic and extended accuracy computations the designed system is suitable for solving of linear equation system with error free or higly accurate solutions.</td>]
[<td>BGP routing protocol is essential internet protocol, it is practically only one used protocol on backbone routers. This work focuses on implementation of enhancement current version of protocol. It consist of support autonomous system number higher then 2 bytes. The next result of this work is implementation of MD5 authentication for BGP packets and implementation of function route reflector for iBGP and eBGP sessions.</td>]
[<td>There is described how algorithms for the exact backward pattern matching can be used for
the approximate backward pattern matching.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to develop a sample wireless medical measuring device and software support for transferring data between this device and a computer. The task in the first part is to compare and contrast contemporary wireless technologies suitable for small, battery-powered measuring medical devices considering energy demands, data rates, physical dimensions and other important aspects. Based upon the results of the introductory analysis, MaxStream XBee ZNet 2.5 modules are chosen as the radio platform. 

In the second part of this thesis, battery-powered data measuring end device and a data collecting master device boards are designed and constructed. Custom AVR assembler library is implemented for the ATmega88 microcontroller powering the measuring device and custom PC library written in C# .NET is produced for the collecting device, together with sample applications and projects for Microsoft Visual Studio 2008.
</td>]
[<td>Práce se zamìøuje na rychlou implementaci nìkolika dobøe známých detektorù oblastí zájmu jejich popisù na grafických kartách (GPU). Harris Laplaceùv a Hessian Laplaceùv detektor byly implementovány spoleènì s Laplacem Gaussianù a jeho aproximací - rozdílem Gaussianù. Popis oblastí zájmù zalo¾ený na diskrétní kosinové transformaci (DCT) byl implementován na geometricky a fotometricky normalizovaných lokálnì afinních rámcích (LAF).



Cílem práce bylo prozkoumat a implementovat mo¾né urychlení pomocí GPU. Malé zhor¹ení kvality by bylo pøijatelné a dokonce bylo i oèekávané. V nìkterých pøípadech byla nicménì i kvalita výstupu vylep¹ena pøi dodr¾ení pùvodního cíle. Dosa¾ená rychlost byla typicky 20 a¾ 50 krát vy¹¹í ne¾ ve srovnatelných implementacích pro bì¾né procesory (CPU).

</td>]
[<td>USB Adaptor is an application running on stand-alone, rather simple hardware. It is based on microprocessor and circuit-driver of Universal Serial Bus. This thesis deals with various way how to develope and design such application. In the second part of this thesis prototypal implementation is described draw on earlier works on this theme. This implementation is based on device called \\</td>]
[<td>Research of graphs and their properties is a fundamental part of the graph expert\\\'s work. Until this moment, there has not been a freely available tool for a quick and effective work with large collections of graphs. The Web Graph Service (WGS) aims to be such a tool. Above all, it will be appreciated by the graph theory experts --- WGS will provide them with a quick and comfortable way of querying properties of the given graphs or a way to find graphs with the given properties. The various goals of WGS boil down to two objectives: firstly --- create a database of graphs and their properties; secondly --- provide a public access to these graphs. Due to its complexity, this project is being solved by a team of 6 people.

This works aims to solve a part of the first objective --- its goal is to create a database of graphs, import data into this database from public sources and create an environment for computing these graph\\\'s properties. This work does not concern itself with creating a storage of the graphs\\\' computed properties - that is a part of work of other team members.</td>]
[<td>This project represent the description and usage of one accessible biometrics – the fingerprint. Briefly describes the biometry in general, aspiring to provide you with complete overview of the fingerprint biometrics. Big part of this project is attending to describe the fingerprint structure, its meanings in whole processing and extraction of the fingerprints acquired by different types of facilities. Another comprehensive part is attending to desribe all the single steps of the related algorythms, which are dealing with the fingerprints. Practical usage of these algorythms has also been described. Conclusion of this project offers one example of possible fingerprint security implementation within predefined location.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes design and implementation of a note editor for pocket PC devices with Windows Mobile operating system. The devices are equipped with a touch screen and controlled by stylus. Several methods used for music computerization are discussed (including current pen-based systems) and a special easily-learned alphabet for music notation is proposed. The alphabet is suitable for entering notes using stylus and it is very close to standard music notation. The recognition of notes handwritten in the proposed alphabet is described in implementation part of the thesis. The use of current interchange format for data input and output was required.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the realization of a library that allows the distribution of uncompressed audio data from external soundcards to SPU unit\\\'s of the CELL processor in the Playstation 3 Console and also an application that demonstrates the library functionality. Thesis also includes installation instruction for installing external sound cards to the Playstation 3 Console using the USB interface on Linux operating system.</td>]
[<td>The OAI-PMH is a simple protocol, that enables a machine-based harvesting of metadata records from „data providers to „service providers . The first part describes a protocol history and features. The second part includes description of OAI-PMH server implementation for providing access to database of purchased licences of electronic data sources. This database is operated by the State Technical Library in Prague. The third part deals with the implementation of OAI-PMH harvester and web-interface for searching in downloaded records. This application can serve as the base for making union catalog.</td>]
[<td>Automatic speech recognition and speech synthesis has recently spread to various areas of human life, and so did applications using 3D graphics. Synergy of these rapidly evolving technologies could have interesting applications such as talking virtual guides to historical places or museums, voice enabled games and e-learning. In addition, it increases accessibility of virtual worlds to disabled persons. This work examines ways to extend existing VRML/X3D browsers by voice services based on standalone ASR/TTS systems or VoiceXML standard. Four proposals are presented, exploring two general approaches - using EAI/SAI interfaces and extending X3D itself. While extending X3D turns out to be a better solution, with a view to low general accesibility and poor implementation options the former approach is used to implement Xving library in Java. Xving utilizes existing X+V implementation in any web browser and thus enables easy development of voice enabled 3D applications in web environment. Adventure game Voicestain is provided as a non-trivial use case of Xving.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of transcoding proxy server.
Transcoding means adaptation of common web pages designed for desktop computers to be
accessible on mobile devices.
Analysis covers background research on commonly used web technologies on the classic
and the mobile web. There are also examined available solutions from other companies.
Further the work deals with design of modular structure of application. Main goal is to
design application capable of easy adaptation to the market progress in the future.
Application is implemented in Python programing language and it uses few components
designed by Seznam.cz a.s.. Whole system is built on Apache webserver using mod_python
module. Proxy parses, validates and adapts a structure of HTML a XHTML. It also parses
cascading stylesheets and adapts it for page DOM on mobile device.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the design and implementation of a new
part of the ModLyng application - the editors of type declarations and
definitions. Editors allow listing, adding and deleting type
declarations and editing of type definitions. The implementation of the editors is done in C++ programming language with use of Qt graphic library.

Main points of this thesis are research of data type declarations in hardware description languages VHDL and Verilog, graphical user interface design with consideration to users of both main languages, description of intermediate representation and implementation including integration to the ModLyng application.</td>]
[<td>Abstract

On the Czech Technical University in Prague, the forensic analysis team is working on the development of a forensic analyzer tool for use in the investigation process of the software criminality. The basic demand on this tool is to allow an analysis of several data sources and representations. Our primary objective was to obtain as much as possible information about the data stored on a physical media like hard disks, compact disks, diskettes, etc., that are relevant for the investigator. This involves a rich file system support.

The goal of this work is to extend available file system support of our forensic analyzer which was platform dependant and its use was thus very limited. That leaded us to the idea to add the file system code directly to the forensic analyzer tool. New file system interface was designed which supports exactly the functionality we need. As inspiration the Linux Virtual File System has been used. Support of particular file systems results from the Linux File System code too. In this work it is described how the Linux file system code was changed, to make it usable in other operating systems, especially Microsoft Windows. Beside this, support of other functionalities
was added, like reading hidden or deleted files.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is focused on using the CAS (Computer Algebra System), specifically solution Mathematica in Physics teaching on high schools. It compares the classic type of education with a new interactive way allowing the students to be actively engaged in the topic. The 
conclusions of the thesis have been based on a case study that verifies the response of both the teachers and the students while using Mathematica in a sample lesson. 
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the problem of connection of already existing Java applications in the computer network. Various ways of solution are analyzed considering possibilities of realization in particular conditions. The following implementation uses Java RMI interface, particularly the free Cajo library.</td>]
[<td>A new examination method of patients\\\' balance dysfunctions detection is being developed in the Motol Faculty Hospital, Prague. During this examination, patients are sitting on a special rotating chair. Their eye movements together with the driving signal of the chair are recorded. For healthy patients, the eye movement signal should contain the same frequencies as the driving signal does. However, the eye movement signal contains a movement correction, called saccades, which make the direct application of  the FFT for obtaining the frequencies unsuccesful. In this work, we present  a new method of saccade detection using computational intelligence (algorithm GAME). We have also implemented a new program RecBob for saccade removal and signal reconstruction.  The proposed method is experimentally validated on real data from Motol hospital. All frequencies contained in  the signal were successfully identified.</td>]
[<td>Ten years ago, an open-source real-time operating system called eCos, designed to create embedded systems, was developed in Cygnus Solutions. The system has been continuously developed and extended ever since by many contributors around the world. A number of portations to various hardware platforms emerged over its existence. Projects developing a portation to the MicroBlaze processor also existed. However, none of the known projects for this portation was ever completed. My thesis focuses on the portation of the eCos operating system to this processor. I also attempt to provide guidance on the creation of other portations to various processor architectures.</td>]
[<td>Simulation and rendering of atmospheric phenomena is important part of realistic scene. This thesis presents an overview of physically based simulations which have been created for this purpose. The result of this thesis is an application, where are implemented two different methods that take into account the physics non-homogeneous media in which the index of refraction varies continuously and thereby creating curved trajectory of light rays. The first method divides the atmosphere into a set of spherical layers in which the rays are approximated by circular arcs. The second method solves differential equation that describes the trajectory of light rays. Curved rays create various type of object distortion. According to distortion we distinguish a large variety of phenomena such as omega sunset, mock mirage, inferior mirage, fata morgana, etc.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with design and implementation of a generic e-commerce that includes all necessary functions that are required for those systems. Solution is drawn up as a module for existing content management system.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to implement a CORDIC method for calculation trigonometric function and the calculating accuracy analysis. In the first part of thesis is the explaining of theory of method and factors influencing accuracy. In the second part is the implementation and the accuracy analysis.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with software testing. Concretely it is about design of test environment (automated test tool) for general ETL tool and its implementation for ETL tool CloverETL developed by Javlin a.s. The goal was to develop multiplatform, usable and especially easy to extend test
environment. Test environment also includes a web interface for viewing results of testing.</td>]
[<td>Today, demands on safety of transportation are very high and it implicates improvement of interlocking systems, which help to better safety. We must monitor and diagnose those devices in case we are able to improve them. KOA-1 stands for one member of interlocking systems within the net that belongs to Správa ¾eleznièní dopravní cesty (S®DC). Aim of this thesis is to develop a solution for collecting and concentration of diagnostic data from system KOA-1 all around Czech republic into designated central storage.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of project was to create application for generating documentation from HDL languages and saving this documentation into different formats.
In this application in first place was modularity for future adding another input languages and output formats.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis focuses on the description of the information system database structures
designed for a state administration. This system is developed by the company in which I am
currently employed. I participate on the development of the system as junior analyst and chief
programmer. This thesis does not describe the whole system. It focuses on the more
complicated database mechanisms such as programmatic modules (triggers, procedures,
functions) guaranteeing data consistence, data change information maintenance or further data
replication. Other mechanisms this thesis concentrates on are mechanisms for fulfillment of
additional database structures intended for increasing performance, functions used for
warning users of specific actions or terms and periods guarding.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create the NetBeans module for supporting the Caucho Resin application server inside the NetBeans environment. In the first part we will be introducing necessary technologies and procedures for module developement and in the second part we will be dealing with its realization.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, design and possible implementation of a plug-in module for Atmel AVR Studio, version 4.x, which will simulate the work of the piezo element a thermometer available on the AVR Buttery Evaluation Kit that is used in subject Machine Code and Data.
This thesis also describes the AVR Buttery Evaluation Kit and its microcontroller ATmega169 including the description of parts necessary for the plug-in realization. Further, in the beginning, it also describes the basic advantages of Atmel AVR Studio and Software development Kit used for its expansion.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work’s target is implementation and confrontation some
methods of factorization of large numbers. The main intent is to became
acquainted with the problems and use of factorization and comparison of
efficiency of each factorization methods with different sized numbers. The
practical part is realized through the GMP library and is focused on the
Pollard’s rho method and on the Shanks’ Square Form Factorization
algorithm. To compare is used the Trial Division method and the Fermat’s
Factorization method.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis focuses implementation of SOM learning accelerator which, to reach the needed speedup, performs nearly all computations on graphics processor. The clear advantage of modern graphics cards is their paralelism which allows to process large amount of data in a single cycle. As disadvantage can be seen their adaptation for their
original purpose – computer graphics. This itself puts certain contraints on implementation which we have to respect and we have to think about the accelerator not only from the neural network algorithms perspective but from native GPU algorithms perspective
as well. This work discusses all phases of implementation from original SOM learning algorithms to their adaptation and portage to GPU.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the administration of grants at the Department of computer science. The purpose is to facilitate the work of the grant consultants, who currently work with static method of importing data. They should have easily accessible information on submitted applications, announced grant competitions as well as a summary of statistical information. One of the biggest parts of work is the implementation of applications that can automatically inform grant adviser about changes of the grant agencies sites. Applicants should work to facilitate the insertion of new applications and communication with the fundraising consultant. Applications should be opened up to ensure further development. The proposed solution comes from grant adviser with many years of experience and his proposals for improving the work with grants.</td>]
[<td>Various computer algorithms used for color restoration in underwater
photographs are researched in this bachelor thesis. With increasing depth, the intensity of individual color components of sunlight decreases unevenly, and without adequate artificial lighting of the photographed scene, pictures tend to have bluish-green tint. As a photograph is usually impossible to repeat, it is necessary to enhance it afterwards by image processing. This can be easily
done by digitizing the image and using a computer algorithm to process it. Algorithm based on application of the Beer-Lambert law, learning-based algorithm and algorithms commonly used in photo-editing software are presented.</td>]
[<td>Data preprocessing is essential step in data mining process, however is extremely time consuming. This diploma thesis studies ways of automatic selection of preprocessing methods, so the results of data mining process are best possible.

Outcome of this work is a module for application FAKE GAME, which is used for developing of sequences of data preprocessing methods and setting their parameters. It is possible to apply those sequences to each column of input data separately. Modul operates as pre-stage of GAME models, which determine its success by error rate on input data. Modul also allows to export best sequences for later use, particularly for genetic programming.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to prepare programs in the assembly language for testing of the ADOP processor. The last version of the ADOP simulator was used to design these programs. Several errors were found in the simulator during programming and the simulator was also evaluated.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on practical view for definiton of analytical and technical documentation for the Reservation system of a hotel.
In the first part is described flow of creating this documentation including description for each model with pictures hereby.
UML model of proposed solution is placed in appendix as output HTML documentation from used tool. 
</td>]
[<td>This work describes a component based system for the centrally-managed projection of advertising spots, with specific focus on the analysis and design of two of its components. One of these components is for the projection itself, and the other is for the asynchronous invocation of scheduled tasks. In addition, the system includes an administrative tool in the form of a SmartClient application. This work also describes the implementation of two of its modules: a generic module for the management of data, and a module for the preparation of playlists.</td>]
[<td>This work presents the concept of using physics simulations in children\\\'s coloring book. The
aim of this work is to propose a solution and then implement it.</td>]
[<td>The  topic  of  this  thesis  is  “Specialized  Portal  for  Mobile  Phone  Gadgets  ‐ A  Case  Study”  which  is  mainly  about  the  study  of  Drupal  CMS,  its  practical  use,  and  its  functions.  In  this  process,  I  will  take  several  CMS’s  compare  them,  explain  why  i  have  decided  to  use  Drupal  CMS,  and  also  make  web  page,  which  will  be  practical  part  of  it.  </td>]
[<td>The main contribution of this thesis is a data processing of Cellular evolutionary algorithm and his implementation in MATLAB environment. The implemented algorithm is easy to set up. The algorithm is able to work with in time of the implementation not known fitness function. The implemented algorithm has been tested on specified problems (MMDP, P-PEAKS, MAXCUT, SAT, FEATURE SELECTION) and the results were processed in transparent form. </td>]
[<td>The work describes design and implementation of a graphic editor for drawing basketball tactical schemes. The design is oriented on a purposeful and easy-accessible user interface that is affected by the basketball specialities. The application itself is implemented in Java using Swing components and other basic libraries.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the research work is to describe problems ensuing from the database-oriented application
development, to analyze these problems with regard to database structure consistency
and its internal objects, and to suggest the solution, which would make the development easy
with regard to team-work and the necessity to support of the version management.</td>]
[<td>Design and implementation of a prototype of a new component model for the RE that avoids unnecessary development efforts required for common rating algorithm changes. Decomposition of old style components, into smaller, reusable components, that can be combined into greater units. With discussion and finding the best solution on how to: support combinations of components to produce new algorithms, enabling editing of component parameters through GUI and managing storage of component parameters within current database model.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with design and implementation of application for time scheduling and management of contacts. The resulting system is fully functional three layer system which enables creating and controlling of time-schedule, contacts notes and fast obtaining of information about current happening. The thesis was developed for VLSI research group at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering on the FEE of the CTU in Prague for purpose of time management of its members.
This work adds possibility of creating of schedule nature way regarding on usability. Application enables access to data from KOS (Study Information System) and so users can work with their school schedule in application. System supports simply sharing of time-schedules between users within user defined groups. Application guarantees high security. On base of open and layered architecture the system can be develop in future and individual layers can be changed for new. Application is platform independent so it can run on any platform.</td>]
[<td>The system is designed for dynamic publishing of multimedia content. It offers the possibilities for live content planning, monitoring of statistical data, system functionality monitoring and system administration.
Content planning and system administration is performed remotely by means of web interface console. Multimedia content broadcasting is ensured by end-point  Client stations placed on several customer locations. Client and Server are connected to Internet, which is the concept of their communication and interconnection. Update of the content  is performed in an instant after plan creation and content distribution.
</td>]
[<td>The work represents the complex The work represents the result of many and many days and nights of thinking over the problem of simulation of inhibition of backward catch process. Describes technologies that are use to realize the virtualization. Comparisons between them base on the security, determinism level, the level of isolation, supported platforms and level of hardware emulation. Overview of commonly available virtualization products (VMware, Microsoft Virtual PC, Microsoft Virtual Server 2005, OpenVZ, Denali, Mac-on-Linux, Plex86, Parallels Workstation, Xen, UML, TRANGO, Linux VServer, FreeBSD Jails, Solaris Zones) and their comparisons. Hardware assisted virtualization (Vanderpool and Pacifica) and their usage.
Migration of physical servers into the virtual environment. Backup Techniques and implementation of virtual servers backups Performance comparisons of VMware on Linux and Windows platforms and Xen with physical server performance.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the proposal and implementation of 3D turn based strategy game. The program is made in a programming language C++ and makes use of OpenGL function. The game is always played by two players, one of them could be the computer. The terrain of the game is transformed from height map. There is also possible a change of scenario through changes in the settings of XML file of the relevant mission. The target of the game is to destroy all enemy units.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to design and then to develop a software for the administration and editing of a dictionary of phrases with regard to the generation of the registry of synonyms. Its easy manageability, import and export of dictionary data in XMI format is its required feature. The main stress is laid on the co-operation of the editor and the PostgreSQL database in order to use the maximal potential of the   SQL server where the data will be saved and where it will be worked with.</td>]
[<td>In this work I present web application for performance testing of XML query algorithms, especially suited for benchmarking of XPath and XQuery standards implementation. This application was implemented with use of java programming language and Java Server Faces technology. Application core part composes of Xindice, embedded XML native database, which is used to store all XML documents. Besides of storing XML documents, the application allows to create and manage benchmarks, benchmark results and provided XML query algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the result of the design and the realization of the module - A/D and D/A converter (ADDA1) for the development board Digilent D2E. The converters are ∑-∆ stereo (2 canals) 16 to 24 bit with output Line-OUT and inputs Line-IN and Mic-IN. Four converters can be connected in a cascade mode.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with frameworks for applications that manipulate semistructured data. Firstly, it describes an existing framework for desktop applications called Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF). Then, it introduces a new model for semistructured data. Its name is CO data model. The infrastructure for this model is implemented as an extension to the WPF. This extension is called Desktop Framework Extension. Finally, another new framework is presented that compared to the previous framework is designed for web applications. This framework is implemented in JavaScript programming language and its name is JavaScript Presentation Toolkit.</td>]
[<td>The baccalaureat thesis describes and implements comparisons of various implementations of BLAS and LAPACK and gives the information for users, which from tested implementations is on his system the most effective, i.e. which one gives maximum power output</td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is to describe the implementation of a GMDH algorithm in the
form of a program library for the Cell BE processor. The main focus is to take advantage of
Cell\\\'s powerful architecture and make use of its advanced features.
</td>]
[<td>Goal of this work is to implement a module for NetBeans Integrated Developement Environment to faciliate work with Jetty server during development in mentioned IDE.</td>]
[<td>When we want to discover a protein function, we have to know an order of aminoacids in it\\\'s linear protein sequence. For this purpose is widely used mass spectrometry. The data are commonly interpreted using two methods - by searching in known protein sequence databases or by using graph algorithms. The research background of this work first describes currently used techniques of protein sequence identification using mass spectrometry and listed algorithms closely associate with physical and chemical principles, which are necessary for the right data interpretation. In the second part of reserch background are described the metric indexing methods M-tree and PM-tree, which are used for reaching logarithmical complexity in similarity searching in multimedial databases. The research part of this work is based on previous background parts and focused on the interpretation by searching in databases. By using the M-tree and PM-tree structures we try to compensate the exponencially growing data abundance in protein databases and also explore the possibilities the similarity searching.</td>]
[<td>This batchelor thesis deals with the issue of designing and implementing an WYSIWYG editor of HTML code, which is accesible as internet online aplication. Editor supports basic HTML tags for formatting text and setting of diferent kind of fonts. Users can also open (save) HTML document on local computer or on web server where the application
is running.</td>]
[<td>A computational intelligence methods are suitable instrument for work with the anthropological data which represents senescence indicators along with other inputs. Based on this information we try to predict the age of skeleton. But this is a very difficult process and obtain high-quality results is complicated. My goal in this diploma thesis is to find and valorize the best methods which can handle well the anthropological data and give us the best results.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the implementation of a system capable of displaying data development of the information and communication technologies. The main goal of the work is to develop a software from pieces of free software that allows to gather and to represent manifold indicators of development of the information’s society to be able to visualize it in a cute charts and graphs.
The work demonstrate an easy way to create charts and graphs from user’s data and use to embed it in own web sites.</td>]
[<td>Hibernate is an open source object-oriented mapping tool that maps the object view of data into relational database and provides efficient persistence services for Java. Struts is an open-source framework based on the MVC design paradigm for building web applications running on the Java platform.
Study the object-relational mapping problem and tools currently available for Java. Focus on Hibernate and review its advantages and disadvantages. Get acquainted with Java Web Development Framework Struts and analyze the usage of Hibernate in Struts projects.
Design and implement a Content Management System (CMS) as a web application using Hibernate technologies and Struts framework.
The topic has both research and implementation characters.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the project is to create an application which will enable to automatically create and
execute test scripts focused on user interface of software applications. Testing is performed strictly
from the user interface layer (i.e. by user input emulation). The application is able to automatically
record user actions and reproduce them later at any stage, which is a key requirement to automate
regression testing. The application can be also integrated with existing solutions for testing which
allows creating more complex test scripts, focused both on user interface and application’s inner
state testing.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a proposal of web game for children in the age of 7 to 12 years. It is designed to satisfy conditions of younger children oriented games with easy control.
First, according to problem specifications, nowadays on-line web games were explored and age rating systems for classification of this type of games were found. Furthermore, a model of strategy game has been proposed in which one could build and upgrade unique Zoo-garden. There were also implemented rules and possible options into this model. Whole work was documented by methods of software engineering with use of UML language and UP methodology. Main focus was to separate means of view manipulation from data and to ensure easy extensibility of whole project. A tutorial and a brief game walkthrough were created as the last part of the whole project.
</td>]
[<td>Tato diplomová práce se zabývá návrhem zaøízení pro ovládání objektivu U-D6REM a
fluorescence BX-RFA. V první èásti se vìnuje návrhu hardware zaøízení a software pro
mikrokontrolér. V druhé èásti se vìnuje vyu¾ití rozhraní Bluetooth pro navrhované zaøízení.
Poslední èást se zabývá návrhem ISP programátoru pro mikrokontroléry AT89S52 a
Atmega64, s pou¾itím pøevodníku USB/UART.</td>]
[<td>Scarcely ever some new technology addresses users as fast as in 
the case of wireless networks in few recent years. Although there 
is still more sensitive (and more expensive) traffic in the 
wireless networks, the security aspects continuously don\\\'t have 
enough attention. First part of this diploma thesis covers solid analysis of 
wireless security standards, and their known weaknesses. In 
second part, there is designed a metric, how to compare security 
level of wireless networks mutually. There are also a 
descriptions, and implementations of chosen attacks.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement an application for operating system Windows, whitch will enable a simple and well-arranged control of journeys recorded by AutoGPS system. Individual journeys could be shown on map. This work will include a programmer documentation in Doxygen.
Application allows user to add his own maps, where the individual journeys will be shown.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with the transformation of source codes of the Atalanta-M application, from the C programming language to the C++ programming language. The resultant source code contains additional modifications which improve the functionality and future usability of the application. Key Improvements are the transformation from an application to a dynamically linked library and the possibility to compile this code on multiple operating systems. These source code modifications increase the usability of this library in the diagnostic process of real logic circuits. </td>]
[<td>This document presents results of Guided Visibility Sampling (GVS) algorithm and its visualization implementation, shows and finally interprets implementation tests. The algorithm works over input scene consisting of separate polygons, created for example in CAD modeler. It does not require any additional information (connectivity) in order to work and therefore it can be applied on any scene.
During implementation, many additional features were added to achieve better general functionality. They are also described in this work.</td>]
[<td>This work sumarizes widely used bug tracking systems. Realizes implementation of „data miner“ from Issuezilla bug tracking system to obtain complete knowledge about defect history of open source project NetBeans. These data are analyzed and varoius impacts on software quality are mentioned. In the last part, Weibull model is created for each NetBeans version and posibilities how to predict defect occurences are discussed.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the dissertation is to develop fast and effective tool for the MySQL database administration. The main object of the application is to fill a gap in the field of the availability of quality freeware client for processing the data.

The program was created with the stress on intuitive and practical user interface, the rate of operations and the support of different character sets. Another important criterion is the possibility of easy enhancement by new functions and options connected with continuous development of MySQL.

The work captures the philosophy of the program and its present state, but there is a necessity of its further and continuous development.</td>]
[<td>Create a module for storing the data about the configuration of the editor of WebSphere Application Server administrative objects (JMS queues, JDBC data sources etc.). Design a reasonable representation of the configuration, a suitable data structure and the means of the communication between this module and the configuration editor.
Pay particular attention to the extensibility of the module and to an easy-to-use and simple API. Try to design and demonstrate other uses of the module ebsides the configuration manager of the administrative object editor.</td>]
[<td>This work introduces modern jBPM technology from JBoss Company. It focuses on theoretical part, which presents various jBPM framework modules, jBPM process definition language, graphic designer, etc., as well as on practical example – sample implementation of insurance software. The implementation is primarily focused on the use of jBPM. Therefore, the goal is to outline the functionality rather than to provide a full implementation suitable on site deployment.
After reading this work reader should be able to work with and understand the basic principles on which jBPM framework is based on.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with design and implementation of a tool for synthesis of asynchronous sequential circuits. The input of the tool is a file describing signal transition graph. The tool is a console application, which doesn\\\'t use any external applications. The output of this application is a description of circuit in VHDL code.

At the end of the thesis there is a made simulation of the selected circuit and C-element. The simulation of the circuit is executed on the basis of VHDL code, which is obtained from the created tool.</td>]
[<td>This work is concerned with a choice of suitable technologies for creation of user’s interface for a strategy game which is established for children from the age of 7 to 12.
At the beginning of the work the technologies for a statistic display of web-sites applications are shown. Than the technologies for dynamic display of data on the part of a client and on the part of a server. The advantages and disadvantages of the technologies are also termed. The work than deals with defining of requirements putted on the display of technologies which are suitable for presentation layer of interactive web system. On the basis of data about described technologies and defined requirements the discussion of choice of suitable technology is adjusted. At the end the work deals with implementation of a presentation layer of online web game which works with experimental data. At the close of the work information from research part of the work and knowledge from Java Server Maces technologies are used.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to develop an application that will permit Cisco IP phone to control an IP camera. The application will enable the IP phone to choose one IP camera from a list of available IP cameras and it will consequently show the IP camera video stream on the IP phone’s display. Because of constrained capabilities of the IP phone the video stream will be displayed as a sequence of images. Images will be periodically refreshed at the highest possible frequency. Additionally, the application will provide control of the IP camera (pan, tilt and zoom) based on the camera capability. Finally, the solution will be tested in real deployment.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis we discuss problems of generating soft shadows in real-time. The thesis is divided into three parts. The first part represents an introduction to real-time rendering and illumination. The second part surveys the most popular shadowing methods. In the third part we present our method which exploits capability of recent graphic hardware and which produces physically correct soft shadows at interactive framerates for mediocre scenes. In the conclusion we perform an analysis of both visual and performance properties of each method and we summarize their advantages and drawbacks. We also provide a demonstrating software which implements all described methods.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this bachelor work was to create a library from already existing tool Espresso, designed for minimization of logical functions.
Except design and implementation of this library interface, the work also includes transformation of the original source code from K&amp;R C language to C++ language.
The library was meant to be applicable under operating system MS Windows and Linux and available in static and dynamic version.</td>]
[<td>Content of this work is analysis and design of interface for discreet event simulation system OMNeT++, which allow to configure simulated network devices from module suite INET Framework. From user view it should provide the same possibilities as terminals of real operating systems Linux and Cisco’s IOS.
Implementation part is an extension of OMNeT++ simulators’s graphical user interface and new terminal window for typing commands. Further, there are new simulation modules for INET Framework, which interpret given commands and according to them change current configuration of other simulated network devices in the network model.
Single commands are implemented separately as standalone classes. Thanks to this, it is possible to easy enlarge this set of commands. Part of work is also testing network module and sequence of commands to configure it. This allows to verify functionality and demonstrate an usage.
</td>]
[<td>The main contribution of this thesis is implementation of direct searching algorithms over LZW compressed text. LZW compression is based on adaptive dictionary paradigm. Approach which simulates move of the KMP automaton on compressed text was implemented. Algorithm based on usage of finite automata and two algorithms based on usage of finit automata on collage systems were also realized. Collage system is unifying framework of various dictionary-based compression methods. All four approaches were added to program lzgrep. Time consumption of added algorithms was compared to existing ones in lzgrep.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement an application for planning employee workshifts in a restaurant environment. The software will be further expanded as an open source alternative for commercial products. Emphasis
is placed on language mutation, later extension by further functions and the possiblity of installing the application on free hosting servers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the linear and nonlinear input data normalization
before it is used for neural networks calculation. These normalizations are
implemented into FAKE GAME system and the implementation is afterwards
tested. Its influence on GAME models is generally compared through
several testing data files.</td>]
[<td>In this document I am involved in a preparation of a system of a    uniform authenticity, so called Single Sign On using LDAP and Kerberos services in the Unix enviroment. The work will result in fundamental model of uniform authenticity of users to selected systems and to selected services. To test the fundamental functionality, I will test users ability of authentification to selected services on my system using Kerberos and LDAP services.</td>]
[<td>In this document I am involved in a preparation of a system of a uniform authenticity, so called \\</td>]
[<td>We describe three simple algorithms for solving the problem of approximate string matching. This problem is defined as finding of all occurrences of a pattern string (length m) in a text string (length n) with at most k mismatches. These are the naive algorithm, Approximate Boyer-Moore string matching algorithm from authors Tarhio and Ukkonen, and Efficient string matching with k mismatches algorithm from authors Landau and Vishkin. For the last mentioned algorithm we develop new method for the pattern preprocessing and suggest an improvement that changes the space complexity of this algorithm from O(k(m+n)) to O(km+n). All these algorithms are thoroughly tested and the results are then compared.

Then we deal with the problem of two-dimensional approximate pattern matching. This problem is defined as finding of all occurrences of an m_1 x m_2  pattern array embedded as sub-arrays in an n_1 x n_2 array of text, where at most k mismatches are allowed per occurrence. We describe the naive2D algorithm, Two-dimensional pattern matching using finite automata method from author Jan ®ïárek, and Two-dimensional pattern matching with k mismatches algorithm from authors Ranka and Heywood. This last method generalizes the idea of Landau and Vishkin\\\'s algorithm into two dimensions, therefore new pattern preprocessing and lesser space complexity are developed for this algorithm as well. The space complexity changes from O(k(m_2+n_2)+m_1m_2+n_1n_2) to O(m_2(k+m_1)+n_1n_2). Even these algorithms are tested on several kinds of images to find out their properties and results are then compared.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with analysis of a global illumination usage in interactive applications. Global illumination computations are based on physically correct light transfer principles, two major computation methods are raytracing and radiosity. Due to heavy computations, global illumination methods are usually approximated in interactive applications using specific techniques. Properties of human perception are usually taken in account during the process. Radiosity-based methods seem to have better perspective for interactive application use, mainly due to real-time performance on a state-of-the-art hardware. The result of this thesis is a simple computer game featuring global illumination that is computed using the radiosity method. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis try to apprise the most widespread methods of offenses to internet applications. It try to consecrate it\\\'s principle, possible consequences and technique, which block this offences. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with implementation of three different generators of randomized logic circuits. The first one generates Boolean functions in the form of PLA table. The second one deals with generating of final state machine in KISS format considering the state machine determinism. The last program is focused on combinational logic circuit made of simple gates. The circuit is then optimised with genetics algorithms. In the end of thesis the third program is tested how input parameters affects the circuit’s testability and resynthesis.</td>]
[<td>This work represents results of creation of the system intended for administration of web presentations based on PHP and MySQL technologies with usage of AJAX.</td>]
[<td>GAME engine generates models capable to analyse even very complex data automatically. By studying the topology of created models it is possible to get new knowledge about the data character. To examine the quality of models it is useful to visualize their responses in a well-arranged way.

The outcome of this thesis is a visualization module for FAKE GAME application enabling 3D display of inductive models. To check the quality of the model the visualization of response to input data vectors was implemented. The response can be viewed either for each unit separately or for all units at once in a topology order. Extension of the 2D visualization by adding SVG export is also part of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>In recent years there is huge interest in data mining software from both industry and science.
Fake Game is data ming software developed on Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Czech technical
university. One of biggest problem in the field is to overcome curse of multi-dimensionality. One
of the approaches to overcome this is to use expertise of user and decrease number of dimensions
in input data.
This work focuses on implemented numerous well established visualization techniques. Visual-
izations should help user of Fake game to expertly decide if it is desirable to remove some data.
Other visualization tools compare models according their quality.
Keywords: Box plot, Covariance, Histogram, Interval estimates, Quantile – Quantile plot,
Probability plot, Receiver operator charasteristics.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis covers with the design and implementation of web system for picture presentation. Application allows to the users to create their own picture galleries and show them to other visitors. There can be only one user gallery at the moment, thereby the system
is similar to real galleries.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the design and implementation of web designer, including a catalogue of materials and its administration. Designer allow compile model of toy house. The application is created as a module in the publishing system Xoops.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis provides a general overview of cryptography and cryptanalysis. It is focused in detail on the ciphers DES, Zodiac and CSA which are recently in use. A part of this work is also an analysis of robustness of those ciphers in relation to number of rounds and chosen cryptanalytic method. First section (review) consists of description of cipher modes, important definitions, cipher algorithms characterization and cryptanalytic method description. Second section is more practically focused and it demonstrates the robustness of DES, Zodiac and CSA when attacked by linear, differential and algebraic analysis, respectively.
The robustness analysis results are in accordance with our prediction. CSA appears to be the most stable ciphering system followed by Zodiac and DES, which is limited by short key length. The most effective attack seems to be the linear cryptanalysis which enabled to get over the highest number of rounds for each of tested ciphers. Although the algebraic cryptanalysis has a great potential and should be promoted in the future.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with an implementation of some carry adders and it draws a comparison among them on the basic of complexity and delay. The implementation is restricted to AND, OR and NOT gates.</td>]
[<td>This work is devoted to the Monte Carlo modelling of the CALICE ECal prototype calorimeter. The simulation is compared with the results obtained from the physical prototype of the calorimeter irradiated by accelerator test beams at CERN, Geneva, Switzerland.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with integration of the SystemC library into the current EDA (Electronic Design Automation) systém EDuArd as a simulation kernel of this system and with implementation of interface between EDA systém and SystemC. This interface is a brand-new module in the EDA system. Objective of this module is a conversion of structures represented in the kernel of the EDA system to classes of the SystemC library. These classes are used for simulation of logic circuits. Next objective is support of the stuck-at fault simulation. Output of the simulation is generated in VCD format (Value Change Dump) from whom it is possible draw a time chart of signals.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to design and implement application for navigation and identification of robotic platform in a room. Navigation will be implemented by voice commands with ability to learn new commands and visually using laser pointer. The application will also offer  upport for various scenarios for home use.

Another part of the work is to design and implement multimodal application for voice control of the robotic platform using Opera browser.</td>]
[<td>This document consists of designing a case application of a Library Management System and gives an overview of the integrity support in the previous SQL Standard SQL-92 and SQL: 99. It will also be shown as to what extent the different components of this standard can be found in major commercial relational database management systems; MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MS SQL and Firebird. Furthermore, this thesis will present general design guidelines showing how the integrity features provided by these systems should be utilized in order to implement an efficient integrity enforcing subsystem for a database. In this document only relational data model is disscussed. </td>]
[<td>The work deals with methods for simplification of complex geometric models especially models of vegetation. I focus on image-based techniques, which are well-used for such purposes. There is the problem to create such a simplification, which guarantees an optimal combination of rendering speed and given visual quality.

For such purposes I will use structure called billboard cloud. This representation consists of set of textured, partially transparent polygons (billboards), which create feeling of real model. There are many techniques how to create the billboard cloud, but I will try to suggest some other solutions convenient both for simplification of vegetation and for common models.

I will introduce new representations of billboard clouds. I will present the method how to analyze model according density and the method used for billboard clouds generation relative to orientation of model\\\'s geometric primitives. Finally, I will compare efficiencies of these methods and their conveniency for complex model\\\'s simplification.</td>]
[<td>The fist part of this text focuses on the analysis of the possible causes of data corruption of PostgreSQL data files. Possible ways of data corruption prevention are presented as well as proposal of ideal realization of PostgreSQL server.
The second part of this work describes PostgreSQL managements system internals (data storage, MVCC, visibility, etc.)
The last part of this text contains description of integrity checks that were implemented in the PostgreSQL and proposal of their correction.</td>]
[<td>The main target of this thesis is to design and to implement hardware part of a data acquisition module.
First I acquaint with requirements on designed system. Then I describe how to design the device that collect data and
aggregate it in histogram form. I also explain digital clock management for other parts of the system.
In the second part of this work I describe whole design of all devices used in the
system, realization and their system integration. The last part is dealing with verification. 
It is about behavioural simulations, where I verify function of designed devices in the system.</td>]
[<td>This work is concerned about creating electronical shop for clothing company. The goal of project is creating application which can provide new options compared to other applications in the market. It is focused especially on technologies associated with Java EE.</td>]
[<td>Knowledge bases are an important part of communication  among a community of users or between a company and a customer.
In this work  I analyse a problem of knowledge base, which uses the DocBook standard as a basic format of knowledge.
Based on this analysis a web solution of knowledge base is implemented and tested.
</td>]
[<td>The topic of this bachelor thesis is implementation of XML parser that is able to find out errors in XML document and propose a correction. The errors are especially missing endings of elements and inappropriate attributes such as missing equation marks, quotation marks and values of attributes. The benefit of this work will be useful in development of applications whose output is in XML format. The aim of this work is development of XML parser which will make process of finding and correcting errors as easy as possible.</td>]
[<td>This project started as an interest to see how clubs manage the different aspects of
their daily operations. To start the project, first it was needed to understand how they go
about their daily business and if there were any software solutions for any of their
operations.
The projected started in the second half of 2007, under the direction of Ing. Bo¾ena
Mannová, M.Math., and explored exactly the first criteria. It was found that only 1 of
their operations was handled by a fully functional and specialized software solution, that
being the selling of drinks (bar sales) and this lead to an in depth understanding of the
system that was used, namely Mefisto Gourmet. Once this process was complete, the
next stage of the project was undertaken; the design and implementation of a complete
software solution for this problem. This was overseen by Ing. Martin Bloch, CSc.
To create a good design, it was decided to review all the operations in the club, taking
into account guest lists, VIP reservations, ticket sales, bar systems and payrolls. Only
then is it possible to create an architecture that is fully compatible with the problem at
hand. Once this was done, personas were created to find the necessary personal
requirements that this software needed to handle as well as the requirements of the
problems that needed to be solved. After the definition of the requirements, the
architectures were designed, namely the Conceptual, Data and Data Dependency
models, which showed how the program should be constructed and how it works
together with all the actors (managers, bar tenders, ticket sales agents and clientele).
The last stage of this project was to create and prove that such an implementation is not
only viable, but useful once it is created. To achieve this goal, it was decided to take a
subset of the Conceptual model and implement it with the majority of its features. Once
this was complete, the models were reviewed after the software of locally tested by a
handful of people to show that the software is useful. Extensive testing will be needed in
the further design including the use of Usability Labs to tests the interface as well as the
final product.
The conclusion of the project was such that a solution like this is not only viable, but
also useful in the club management field, and if further development was to be done, it
would definitely be recommended. Such software can not only increase efficiency but
also increase accuracy of results (i.e. ticket sales, reducing conflicts in reservation
systems etc.). Changes to the current architecture may be required but the system as it
is now, is working and is in a structure that can be easily built on top. Thus this project
was a useful undertaking that can lead to full scale useful software as a real world
solution to club management operations.</td>]
[<td>The work describes a part of WDM drivers for communication with device which conform to IEEE 1667 standard and implemntation of part of this device. The device is realized on Microchip PICDEM FS USB Demo Board.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with rendering of large scenes. The main goal is to extend one of the existing method by a visibility predictor based on the temporal coherence. Then the predictor is used for better scheduling of hardware occlusion queries which serve the purpose of finding and subsequent removing of hidden geometry, so called occlusion culling. During solving this problem other optimalizations leading to speedup are discussed. This involves an analysis of the cost model, concept of its measuring and spatial hierarchy modification. The part of this work is also a description and an implementation of other methods which are later compared in order to analyse their behaviour in different situations and scenes.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses the analysis, the design and  the implementation of an audio port for speech recognition applications. The first and main output of this thesis is a fully functional sample of a desk audio port containing a microphone, a speaker, a headphone connector and three buttons. The port is connected to a personal computer using USB interface, the audio device is a standard USB Audio Device and the button control is a standard Human Interface Device. The second output is a control application vxmlclient converting button events into voice recognizer commands. The third part of the thesis is considering the functionality and the actual usability of the device using a sample VoiceXML document. The thesis also includes the description of later design changes and recommended modifications.</td>]
[<td>Desirable cut-composition has a significant impact on viewers perceiving of movie production. We have designed a heuristics which solves optimal cut-collocation of multi-camera recording in offline video-processing context. Based on the information about events in multi-camera system, acquired with the help of computer vision methods, the cut-collocation problem has been transformed into the shortest path in an oriented graph problem. Final optimal solution can be simply found using well-known algorithms. 
The main focus of the design was on respecting at least the fundamental techniques used in cinematography. The resulting method was tested on recordings from two differnt setups.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with Boolean Satisfiability algorithms, presents current state-of-the-art SAT solvers and considers possible modifications in the way of generating vector including don’t cares. The result of this work is an implementation of such modified algorithm.</td>]
[<td>This work covers the problematics of calibration of a system of projectors along with the mathematical description of the problem. Furthemore, it provides suggestions for improvement of methods chosen for calibration. In its conclusion, it summarizes the achieved goals and lists objectives that remain to be accomplished.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with analysis, design and implementation of computer game four-player marriage for one player, where the rest three players are under computer control. Major goal then was to create suitable algorithm describing just these artificial players.</td>]
[<td>This work is about the influence of the compression and the visualizations methods on a perception of a stereoscopic video. This work contains detailed summary of the contemporary and mostly used methods of a projection of the stereoscopic video and lossy codecs. This work also contains a suggestion of a testing procedure that combines objective and perspective tests of the influence on a spectroscopic video.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with available methods to present data in modern way, using technologies called Web 2.0 at web portal. It also describes selection of suitable PHP framework to develop this web application.</td>]
[<td>Cílem tohoto projektu bylo navrhnout a implementovat zásuvný modul do vhodného CASE nástroje, který by podporoval tvorbu schémat dle standardu STEP (ISO 10303). Schéma lze exportovat do formátu XMI, na které se aplikují transformace, èím¾ vznikne soubor XML dle standardu STEP. Dále je vytvoøena aplikace, která umo¾òuje schéma naèíst a editovat. Umo¾òuje vkládat, odebírat nebo modifikovat data.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is creation of wireless microphone which will transfer sound - specifically human voice into personal computer. The output of this project is design and implementation of wireless microphone with minimal dimensions and power consumption. Microchip dsPIC33FJ microprocessor with DSP capability is used. Sound is transferred via Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. Sound stream is presented to other applications via virtual sound card driver. This project explains design process of wireless microphone and virtual sound card. It also explains used technologies.</td>]
[<td>The first part of this work focuses on the analysis of the needs of elderly people towards user interfaces of particular new generation home appliances. Further, the goal of this work is to use the output from the analysis phase to design optimal user interfaces for these devices.
The other part of this work describes the implementation of these user interfaces for the i2home project framework as well as usability testing of these interfaces in compliance with the user-centered design methodology.</td>]
[<td>The FM-index (Full-text index in Minute space) is a self-index structure over an arbitrary text T. It utilizes properties of the Burrows-Wheeler Transformation to decrease the space needed to store the index, and to support the operations count(P) and locate(P) for counting and locating the occurrences of the pattern P in the text T, and the operation extract for extracting the whole original text or any part of it.

In this report we give an overview of the data structures and algorithms used by the FM-index, with special focus on recent research of Suffix Array construction, which can be used in space and time efficient construction of the FM-index. We also propose an implementation of the FM-Index structure, and compare our results to other programs for similar purposes. </td>]
[<td>The work is a short introduction into software development process. It is divided into three main chapters, the first describes methods used in this process, the second describes real application of this methods and the last represents summary of all potentialities of tools designed for software development.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the PDF document analysis with the realization of a platform independent library for viewing and editing the internal representation of PDF documents. For presentation of the library\\\'s abilities is created platform-independent application with a simple graphic user interface.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes feasibility of data replication at the level of relational database systems.  The purpose of this thesis is to provide a comprehensive overview of data replication features of MS SQL Server 2005 a PostgreSQL extended with Slony-I replication system. Practical implementation of a data distribution is demonstrated using MS SQL Server 2005 and Service Broker asynchronous messaging framework.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with an acceleration of image processing algorithms. The acceleration proces is a needed application when using large time consuming components. Thanks to SIMD technology inside modern personal computers it is possible to achieve a speedup of some components. In this work, utilization of SIMD technology is examined using in context with Cache. Potential of acceleration is tested on selected algorithms. Final results are evaluated and compared to alternative solutions.</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor theses is based on open source information system of Grean Party (Strana zelených in Czech) which was developed in Czech Technical University in Prague at Department of Computer Science and Engineering within the framework of X36SI3 subject (Software Engineering 3). The goal of the work is launching this system, fault detection and program installation, design of a resolution and final implementation.
Closing step is implementation of new option in this system, for example possibility to insert minutes of the proceedings, atc.</td>]
[<td>The work is focused on design and implementation of an application
for supporting dentist’s standard activities. It analyses dentist’s profession
routine, introduces necessary records about seeing and patient, which have
to be preserved. In dependence on real requirements of dental surgery and
providing its smooth run, it defines data structures and graphical user
interface (GUI).
As a result of the project is stable functional core of a system, which
will be further extended in way that can be used for dental surgeries.</td>]
[<td>This work is about implementation and checking functionality of circuit which is using for compression test responses. This circuit is called signature chain (SC). First I designed SC in VHDL. Then I simulated some benchmarks circuits. From the results of testing I studied compressions capabilities. After this I focused on masking of responses inside the SC and localization manifestation of errors. In the end I introduced results of research which can help with future attempts at success localization. </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design and implementation of a Structured Text language compiler where the target language is an assembly language of a virtual machine. ST is a high-level textual programming language designed for programming of programmable logical controllers, in this particular case enhanced with some object-oriented features. Fundamental part of the solution is a syntactic LL(n) analyzer that creates an abstract syntactic tree of an input program which is then used to generate an output program. The compiler is implemented in the C# language.</td>]
[<td>This work describes analysis, design and implementation of a linker application. The linker is a part of a project developed for Energocentrum Plus, s.r.o. The project includes development of
a translator from ST language for PLC described in IEC 61131-3 standard into so-called Energobytecode and development of virtual machine interpreting this bytecode. The application accepts text files containing SASM assembly language and generates bytecode files executable on the virtual machine. The application was implemented in C# programming language. The work on the application will continue – especially thorough testing of the generated output and
further integration with the rest of the project. The appended CD contains this document, its source files and examples of the linker source codes.</td>]
[<td>The basic aim of this graduation thesis was to create a system for
information extraction from medical reports, which could be integrated into the tool for semantic annotation of medical reports – MedAT. In my thesis I tried to describe the tasks and challenges of information extraction and morphological analysis together with the tools that are used for this purpose. The proposed information extraction system is based on rules, which were created using a training set of medical reports. The system uses third party tools FMorph and Morèe to perform lexical and morphological analysis. Several preprocessing techniques including typist’s error correction, retrieval and supplying acronyms and detection and extraction concrete numeral dates were implemented. Graduation thesis also contains the description of runtime tests and experiments comparing the created system with the state-of-the-art domain independent named entity recognition tool CRF++, which is based on conditional random fields.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with threats spreading through electronic mail.
Especially with still increasing problem with junk e-mail and
computer viruses. It provides an overview of several existing solutions
to face up to this threats.  Both commercial and open source.
From a work experience it tries to show that design and build own
solution is not so complicated and can lead to good results.
That is illustrated on data from normal operations.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of the work was to study the possibilities and the structure of the MPEG-4 format and design and implement the architecture of interactive player of multichannel video with the possibility to play video forward and backward, smoothly change the playing speed and currently playing channel. The starting point were thesis of former students working on similar theme.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis covers the vectorization of a previously segmented bitmap image. During the vectorization, the user is able to interactively select the image parts that are subsequently converted to vector representation. This work presents several vectorization methods, our own approach, its implementation, and its results. Combined with preceding image segmentation, our vectorization method is effcient on images with clean contours as well as on more complicated images, such as photographs.</td>]
[<td>The primary goal of the 3D Meridian project, which this work is a part of, is to create a fully functional application with a potentially commercial use. The application is meant to be an acupuncture guide of human body and we hope that it would become an invaluable helping tool for both, experienced practitioners and starting massagists, in the future.
The target of this work is to write a functional demo, which would illustratively demonstrate the main ideas of the 3D Meridian. Another important aspect is to prepare a common ground for the future work.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with an implementation of editor for drawing finite automata according to VauCanSon-G format. The first part describes the package VauCanSon-G and adverts to possible problems in the course of implementation. Thereinafter is mentioned the way, how was linked to previous work and the new goals are determined. In the next part is described the implementation and in the end are done some tests, which are called to verify the program.</td>]
[<td>Design complex monitoring system based on SAP CCMS technology using 
monitoring solution Nagios. Integrate SAP CCMS into Nagios 
environment for the purpose of having unified insight about 
the state of whole information system. Design the system to be able 
to send automated reports on prophylaxis and notification messages. 
Analyze security of this solution. System must be designed and 
documented in a manner to be deployable on any common SAP complying 
information system.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis proposes a new approach to the 3D simulation of hydraulic erosion. It is based on fluid simulation using the Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics method, which has not yet been used for the simulation of hydraulic erosion. The physically based erosion model is adopted from an Eulerian approach and tested within the SPH framework. A new problem to solve advection of sediment due to an additional secondary velocity field which makes the sediment transfer between the SPH particles is addressed by way of using the ideas of the donor-acceptor scheme so as to advect the material between the particles solely in the direction of the velocity field. Algorithms for fluid dynamics and boundary conditions on a solid-fluid interface have been chosen that they are adaptive and effective for simulations in larger spaces.</td>]
[<td>This document deal with the formation and the description of core modeling tool Armada with the support for model-driven development. The right proposition of application programming interface will facilitate additional enlarging of the application with plugins support on NetBeans Platform.  Main accent is put on the description of developing plugins and their cooperation with tool core.
</td>]
[<td>The work is concerned with remote procedure call  communication in distributed systems environment. It is focused  especially on Web Services technology and platform independent SOAP  protocol. The part of the work is sample database application based  on the JEE architecture.
</td>]
[<td>This work is treating of the implemetation of the new visualization for the TrioSystém s.r.o company. The aim of this work is to design a new visualization for present websites, to add new features, and also to test new methods of approach to the new web creation, respecting the accessibility.</td>]
[<td>This thesis provides self-contained perspective on the Web content management systems (CMS). The work includes discussion and comparison of several existing CMSs as a basis for design and implementation of my own CMS. The work focuses on the in-depth analysis of the problem, creation of the high-quality design and following implementation using the latest web technology. An emphasis has been put also on a usability of the application in the terms of Human Computer Interaction.</td>]
[<td>In this work is programmed current best exact covering problem solver AURAII, and on the basis of experimental results is built an adaptation mechanism with ability to select best covering method for given problem. Covering problem occurs in several fields of computer science, logic synthesis and reliability analysis. Solving the covering problem may be sometimes rather time-consuming, when based on exploring whole state space. In this work are programmed and tested new methods solving the covering problem with accent to solving speed and created adaptation mechanism able to select best solving method for given problem, with accent to quality of solution and solving time. I have been given materials mentioned in the References. Final adaptation mechanism is integrated into program BOOM.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the implementation of an application for recording activities of people in a room. The application works in a 3D environment and thus enables to make a record of activities from real life. Further, the record in the application can be edited and replayed. The output log is in such a format that the recorded data can be further analyzed and processed. The next part of the thesis deals with the usability tests of this application.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this paper is the implementation of program modules, which enable access to the diagnostic functions of the car control units by using the CAN data bus line. These program units are intended to allow a simple and fast production of diagnostic application. 
Designing these modules, emphasis is put on observing the time parameters, which range below the threshold, which a standard multitasking operating system can meet, and which demands the use of additional hardware with a driver and a library supporting the development of the diagnostic application.
I deal in my work with the implementation of the transport protocol into the microcontroller, STR710-FZ2 (ARM7TDMI), which besides the CAN data bus line has also the USB data bus. Further I am also deal with the development of the USB driver, which makes this microcontroller accessible into the MS Windows operating system. 
In the last part the work the creation of the library, which will make available the driver to the diagnostic application is dealt with.
This diploma paper links to my baccalaureate paper, which has been dedicated to the implementation of diagnostic protocols of the operating system in the user’s mode, which prevented to keep the communication time parameters. The above said implementation project, used in this work, solves these and other problems completely.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to access virtual reality 3D environments by the means of interactive digital TV (iDTV). This is achieved by creation of panoramic movie maps along several trajectories, streaming those movies over Internet connection into iDTV device. On digital TV device special browser application enabling movement of user is present. User is able to move along trajectory and look around which results in 2 degrees of freedom. Project goal is to implement a prototype which can operate on PC.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with RC servo modification. The goal is creating a new controller board for servo. There is the hardware side, which consists of an MCU host controller, power supply and management, H–bridge driver, communication interface and an angle position sensor. There is also a software component - embedded code on the MCU.</td>]
[<td>ExDB is an XML database system being developed at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, FEE CTU Prague. ExDB Architecture is modular and the core is the bridge between all the parts.
This thesis deals with the design of this core and its integration into ExDB. The requirements for the ExDB core are obtained by the analysis of existing native XML database systems.</td>]
[<td>The target of the project is to create a multiplatform library that can extract information from PDF files. The project should be focused on text and font objects. For basic cases should be able to replace an original information with a new one.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with an analysis and realisation of visualization for finite state automata. It
implements visualization of transient diagrams for finite state automata.
Thesis implements operations for automaton administration. It also implements complicated
operations for automata. These operations are determinisation of nondeterministic finite state
automaton or automaton minimalization.
Beside visualization of finite state automata deals with creating new composers for new automata
creation. Implementation allows extension about new types of composers.</td>]
[<td>This diploma work works at information system’s design for dog races agility and ﬂyball for Regional group of agility Jahoda Kladno. The goal of the work is design and implementation synoptic application which would make race organisation easy.
This work can be divided into several main parts. The ﬁrst part tries to familialize with work assignment and goals deﬁnition. Next parts refer to detailed analysis of development system. The description of implementation of the main system part is written hereafter. Its name is dbFramework and documentation includes dbFramework using examples. In the last part of this work I concentrate on application’s usability testing and found problems discussion, suggested solutions included. At the end I try to resume my work results.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on problems of type-writing  (computer) of blind persons. In the first part are described theoretical ways out with a point of view of handicapped persons and their possibilities with regard to todays teaching type-writing programs offer. There are also aims of this thesis. 

The design of a software, the controll of this program and the implementation are described in the second part of this thesis. How to use the program in practice is mentioned at the end.
</td>]
[<td>This work si focused on pattern recognition. For the solution this problem were used two different methods. The first one rest on using Hidden Markov models. Hidden Markov model is a statistical model which is designed in this case to to determine the hidden parameters
from the observable parameters. The extracted model parameters can then be used to pattern
recognition. The second one is based on Temporal Information Categorizing and Learning Map
that is capable of recognition of temporal signals. The capabilities of both methods are shown on
an experiment with handwriting recognition. For this purpose was created my implementation
of TICALM neural network in Matlab. Thus the goal of this thesis is the comparation these
two methods.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is to analyze, design and implement an application (for Windows NT+) that will protect personal computers against computer viruses, hacking and deleting important libraries for system functionality with using file system virtualization. It leads to better system stability and less technical care. Virtualization layer was designed by using proper optimization algorithms to minimize the performance impact on the operation system.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of a new processor core. The proposed design is oriented to utilize modern computer architecture features such as pipelining technique and cache memories. At the same time, the design is focused to be easily implemented on FPGA logic devices, so that it could be used for teaching purposes.</td>]
[<td>As is shown in the title of project, it’s theme is IRC Robot. This Robot works on background of web server and for run it needs environment ASP.NET.
The project is made by object-oriented programming language C#.</td>]
[<td>This document is dealing with problems of graph drawing as new function in program SiMoNNe. Result of this dokument are functions which draw graph as line of nodes or in plain. In final work are comare with graph from GraphViz.</td>]
[<td>This thesis work deals with proposal and implement of a library for physics simulation. The main aim is to point at using the module for driving a car simulation. Physical 3D engine is a very comprehensive library, which has been created by the team of tens of experts during several years. Therefore, the proposal of this work is centered on the items related to assignment only. The purpose is to create the library as much generally and universally as possible to enable its enlargement. Any user who would like to use this library beyond the elementary functions will be able to add some missing functions and to adapt engine to his own specific requirements and needs.</td>]
[<td>This work analyses the evolution of architecture of microprocessors compatible with IBM PC from 2000 to the present (2008) and provides a comparison of architectures and an overview of new technologies implemented in the CPUs of leading producers Intel Corporation and Advanced Micro Devices. The main factors that influenced the development in recent years are the limits of current production technology and expansion of mobile PCs.</td>]
[<td>The work provides an overview of weaknesses in the concepts of the TCP/IP protocol suite as well as known flaws in implementations of the TCP/IP stack in various operating systems. Useful programmes for performing a security audit are presented and a proposal of different approaches to the security audit has been made.</td>]
[<td>The work is focused to automated processing of speed sequences obtained from GPS devices. It describes techniques for recognition of various features using Hidden Markov Models such as gas stations and rest areas. Result of the work is an application implementation in MATLAB, which recognizes the rest areas from the speed records and returns their coordinates. Application was successfully tested on real data captured by several drivers.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the possibilities of existing technologies for creating web applications. It
focuses on the design of a simple environment to facilitate the creation of service and data layers of
web games. The aim of this work is to show the function of this framework for the implementation
of simple rules of web games.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of continental cluster. In the first part of the thesis is discussed theory of high availability solutions and disaster tolerant solutions. The first part of the thesis is followed by design of a continental cluster, which is afterwards implemented in simplified form. The part of the thesis is also scenarios testing, what happens when one or more parts of continental cluster go down. At the end of the thesis was speed of data writes on shared disk and its dependence on network latency between two local clusters tested.</td>]
[<td>This text describes work on project remote control of FPGA kits. Two possibilities are described by this text. The first possibility uses JTAG interface to communicate with kits. This version was not finished because of problems with communication speed. Second version uses serial RS232 interface and was finalized into usable state.</td>]
[<td>The work is about realization of the file system library for mass storage devices in microcontroller systems. This work contains description of file system software layer including detailed documentation with reference guide of the application interface. The work was developed on Atmel AVR ATmega2560 microcontroller and the Microchip dsPIC30F4013 and dsPIC33FJ256 microcontrollers. The work also explains troubles while porting library to that architectures. The work contains the wave file player as a demonstrating application. For the following works the installation and testing is described.
</td>]
[<td>Wiki based tools are very popular and widely used at education. The functionality enabling
mass collaboration over the same content is the main source of their popularity. CVUT is
trying to leverage the benefits of this platform and therefore the wiki implementation project
arose. To choose one of the current Open Source wiki projects and add the new functionality
supporting learning enviroment under the specific FEL CVUT conditions was the main goal of
this diploma thesis. Java application Xwiki was selected as a basic platform, additional modules
were created and the integration with university IS was achieved. This thesis describes analysis
and implementation of mentioned modules and Xwiki integration to university IS.
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This Bachelor paper is conclusion of design, analyses and implementation of web information system for different companies and organization with purpose of monitor-ing and recording errors.
Bachelor paper is divided into several parts as following: First part contains analyses, declaration of objectives, proposal of a solutions and requirements. Second part gath-ers various technologies suitable for application and implementation of web informa-tion system under ASP.NET. This is followed by description, proposal of suitable data-base and information of individual forms. 
Last part is dedicated to testing of all procedures and final evaluation of this bachelor paper. Included is a DVD and user manual. Whole application was design in Microsoft .NET Framework and Microsoft SQL. The important part of whole system is user friend-ly and easy implementation, where main objective was quick and easy input of errors into system even by use of PDA tools.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is a documentation of the Hardware management system, which is designed to register hardware and software in the company.\\\\\\\\
The work is divided into several parts. The first part contains analysis of the system and the second a specific proposal. The other parts describe the implementation and testing. Installation of the software, including documentation, is aviable on the enclosed CD.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with problems of constructing high available Internet connection with network traffic load balancing. It is oriented to use ordinary PC\\\'s or servers together with Linux operating system and open source tools. The result is three alternate designs of high available Internet connection and TLB package, that implements one of them. Network traffic load balancing is based on random distribution of connections, that uses iptables with modules statistic, mark and connmark. Failover solution is based on the Linux-HA project and daemon Conntrackd is used for conntrack table synchronization.</td>]
[<td>The work is concerned with use of BestComm API in linux 2.6 series kernel on MPC5200B
processor and solves the problem with race condition in accessing the Bestcomm DMA Engine.
It familarizes us with Bestcomm DMA Engine in MPC5200B embedded processor, with library
already implemented for this Engine and with API of this library (BAPI) . It solves problems
with porting this library in 2.6 series kernel and with race condition in accessing API. It is
concerned with adding functionality to network and IDE/DMA drivers offering proper use of
DMA.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the methods of creating parametric surfaces and manipulation with these surfaces in three-dimensional computer graphics. The first part of work is focused on some existing graphic editors, which deal with the parametric surfaces, their brief description and comparison of their possibilities. Other parts deal with the theoretical description of surfaces and the implementation of my own simple tool. There are described the mathematical principles of parametric surfaces, as well as the way of their implementation. The conclusion is focused on a short test of created tool possibilities.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this work is to document object-oriented programming using programming language Smalltalk and environments, or more precisely its pure implementation - Squeak. Work presents features like reflection, how and when to use streams or collections, how to create exceptions and parallel processes. Some of the Squeak features are present in e-learning courses. As a result of studying this issue is in detail documented Squeak and e‑learning application programmed in Smalltalk implementation - Squeak.</td>]
[<td>Analyze the problems of user interfaces for digital television (iDTV). On the base of the analysis design and implement prototype of development environment, which provide design user interfaces for iDTV. Provide creating of panels with various control elements.
Next provide definition of crossing between panels as a reaction to specified actions. Designed user interface will be represented as application in Java programming language, runnable on standard Java Virtual Machine on PC. Running this applications on set-top box is not demanded, but the modifications for this purpose should be minimal. Describe these modifications.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of a server and a client for instant messaging and a
transmission of data over TCP/IP networks. This thesis contains the definition of
requirements, the background research of actual instant messengers, the proposal of resolution
and the description of implementation. The program is intended for communication among
people within a group. The implementation includes both the server and the client application.
Both of them are written in C++ programming language with using of Qt library.</td>]
[<td>In terms of this thesis, the set of applications for timetable creation for the Department of Computers, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Czech Technical University, was created and the database model was defined.
The applications incorporate these features: the import of data from the KOS system to the database, the export of data from the database to the KOS system and various modifications of timetables. The thesis includes the comparison with another existing solutions, the analysis and the description of implementation.
Finally, the applications have been tested and documented.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the problem of creating textures
for a computer model of
buildings, reconstructed from photographs. The focus is placed on obtaining
textures from photographs and their local optimization. The optimization is
performed without using the 3D model geometry. A special chapter discusses
methods of detecting specularities in textures. Results achieved using
raycasting are applicable for texture mapping although the final impression 
could be improved by the optimization of textures on the model. Within the
framework of this thesis were created programs for texture extraction from a
3D model and photographs knowing camera calibration, for removing specularities
from textures and for merging face textures visible from multiple cameras.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the problem of creating textures
for a computer model of
buildings, reconstructed from photographs. The focus is placed on obtaining
textures from photographs and their local optimization. The optimization is
performed without using the 3D model geometry. A special chapter discusses
methods of detecting specularities in textures. Results achieved using
raycasting are applicable for texture mapping although the final impression 
could be improved by the optimization of textures on the model. Within the
framework of this thesis were created programs for texture extraction from a
3D model and photographs knowing camera calibration, for removing specularities
from textures and for merging face textures visible from multiple cameras.</td>]
[<td>The work explains Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) paradigm as an integrational resource to software development process. It deals with SOA methodics in the area of information systems and enterprise applications. The work compares SOA with Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) methodics. Part of the work is simple practical application which demontrates SOA architecture. The text describes development process of this application and applies explained theoretical principles.</td>]
[<td>This work discusses about content management systems for websites based on web interface. Analyses current software resources. Designs, implements a tests solution of CMS system based on .NET Framework 2.0 platform and Microsoft SQL 2005 database.</td>]
[<td>This project aims to bring speech-oriented Internet browsing experience to handheld devices and mobile audio players. These devices does not have the computation capabilities to transform text into speech and therefore it is necesary to perform these transformations server-side. For limited connectivity the whole server-client comunication is performed on standard PC and only the results are transfered to handheld device.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the result of implementation of library allowing usage of GPU for common computation. Today\\\'s graphic hardware often has more raw power then the CPU itself. Developer tools are being constantly improved and are also freely available.</td>]
[<td>This work is about design and implementation of measuring temperature with help of Palmtop and PIC microprocessor family. System reads temperature from four temperature sensors. Data have been diplayed on the PDA’s display and data have been sended to other clients connected to a network. In this document is described technique of sampling output signal from sensor and its conversion to the temperature. Furthermore in the last part of the document is described the technique of programming applications under Palm operation system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is, by using known algorithms, to implement an algorithm for mapping logical circuits into FPGA, particularly to decompose the circuit into a network of LUTs (look-up tables). The main aim of this decomposition is to minimize the delay of the circuit, i.e., to minimize the number of LUTs on a critical path.</td>]
[<td>The dissertation is engaged in problems of computer network auditing. It contains a basic survey of means for monitoring and safeness network auditing and informs about possible safety risks. The audit is performed in the real functional computer network operating under different platforms. The result of the project is not only general recommendation respecting safety policy principles but primarily conclusions of particular network LAN audit with recommendation how to improve the net safeness.

</td>]
[<td>This work applies Monte Carlo methods to the problem of simulation of phase transitions of ferromagnetic materials during the cooling using the Metropolis algorithm. It analyzes few chosen Monte Carlo methods and some physical models used for description of the subject. It also includes description and implementation of software which simulates the problem.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with optimization of Shadow Volumes methods. This algorithm currently belongs to the most used algorithms for shadow computation in computer graphics. This diploma work researches the implementation possibilities of the Shadow Volumes algorithm on contemporary graphics cards, and focuses on shadow formation in fully dynamic scenes, where the position of objects, lights and camera changes. The emphasis is put on effective cooperation CPU with GPU, the aim is to achieve as fast computation as possible.</td>]
[<td>This work describes principles and importance of SIMPLE based presence services. Implementation part of my work is intended to implementation Presence Authorization Rules, base od document draft-ietf-simple-presence-rules-10 (work-in-progress).</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with problems of the school timetables construction by the application of the constraint programming methods. First of all, reader will be informed about fundamental terms and principles in the  constraint programming area and then there will be summarized all algorithms which are the most used for planning and  scheduling. The main contribution of this work is design of new special algorithm which is efficient combination of few already known algorithms and can solve our problem interactively. At the end, we concern with implementation aspects of the designed algorithm and the demonstration of  achieved results where we put emphasis on practical usability for real problems.</td>]
[<td>More and more people use Internet to shop through e-shops. The work deals with development of such application. The system offers the customer the basic functions of Internet commerce, which complements the more specific. It focuses on the sale of kitchen furniture. It defines the different levels of access and rights. Main system requirements are expressed through UML diagrams. For implementation there was used and described the following technologies: HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL database and system XOOPS. Implementation defines the functions of the administrator and current users. The following is a description of the significant scripts. At the end of the work there is outlined the possible development of application.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with data obtained from specific measurement processes on a special measurement device.  The main task of this work is to solve the problem of  the data storage into the information system. The result of the whole project is to design and implement the functional tool (program), which is able to ensure both the data collection and storage as well as the management of the individual test processes on the measurement device..</td>]
[<td>In a world full of framework options, how do you choose one? This is the question, that developers 
in the world of Java EE web applications have to deal with very often. 

The intent of this work is answer the question above, JBoss Seam and prove this argument on web 
application Community Time Manager, that requires integration of several different technologies.
</td>]
[<td>Thesis is focused on time characteristics of packet filters and discovers impact of rules and their volumes. An object of exploration is software firewall iptables. Second object of exploration is hardware PIX firewall produced by Cisco company.

</td>]
[<td>The task of this bachelor project was to code functional firmware for communication PC with a development board PICDEM Full Speed USB with microcontroller PIC 18F4550 via bus USB for subject X36PPO.
For this development board is allready existing an firmware for communication with PC via serial line, and there was partially coded an firmware for communication via USB.
My task was to inform about the actual state of firmware for USB and finish it, so it could be able completely communicate via USB, like the firmware for communication via serial line.
I complete this task successfully, the firmware witch I coded is able to communicate with PC and is able to respond on commands which was given and control the peripherals on the development board such as led-diods, A/D converter, buttons, or thermal sensor. Firmware also communicate back with PC, commands like reading the value from thermal sensor, or A/D conventer returns it‘s values and commands for control led-diods or buttons returns it‘s state message via USB to the PC, which sended the command and also via serial line.
I also coded an demonstration console aplication, which will be runnig on PC and which will communicate witch microcontroller and is able to send commands and receive responses.</td>]
[<td>The work compares and implements three methods for exact searching for palindromes and palindromes with gap. These methods uses naive array access, suffix trees and factor automata. Method for exact palindrome searching using factor automata is proposed in this work.</td>]
[<td>Height profile generating program tries to offer to user - traveller - useful auxiliary for planning. It provides three-dimensional maps and uses tools for proposal route or choosing overlays. It supports the most common grid systems for GPS. Together with the wealth of internet makes it possible to take regard on points of interrest in the surrounding, like restaurants or sights. Resulting trace is viewable as a height graph with various possibilities of settings.</td>]
[<td>Program Aesculap v2.0 is a complete reprogramming of a 17 years old database program, which is still used in few offices of GPs.
It is ment to hold complete medical documentation about patients, with whom a doctor comes in contact. It should also maintain accounts between doctors and insurance companies.
Later it should become part of a system of conducted healthcare, which is now in preparations.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the trial implementation of encryption solutions for the average user and is aimed at making this solution easy and convenient for him. At the same time  it does not omit the security elements and it even  pursues to  resolve the safety in the best way.
The result of this work is a comprehensive solution which consists of two parts. The first part is the application  located on a smart card  and  resolves encryption, the storage of keys and security of itself. The second part resolves the communication with the card and applet and provides a graphical user interface.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis summarizes the knowledge about the decomposition of sequential circuits. The decomposition allows a better optimalization of the implementation of digital circuits, particulary of FPGS chips, quite popular in nowadays.Thanks to the decomposition we are able to improve i.e. the critical path of the circuits, better place distribution or reduction of a number of intup and output signals. In this thesis there is introduced a short overview of methods and principles used for the decomposition together with theory important for it. The main idea of the thesis is a concept of general decomposition of incompletely specified machines with a multi-state realization. A method for finding of such decomposition is introduced at last together with its implementation, which realization is a part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work is aimed at analysis, design and implementation of a part of web information system for financial institutions. The developed system allows to obtain information from bank\\\'s customers through question-forms. On the basis of this information and customer products system automatically suggests new products, which should be recommended to the customer. The application is implemented on J2EE platform and is using JBoss application server and Firebird database.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with word-based dictionary methods of data compression. The word-based dictionary methods are part of lossless data compression methods. The character-based dictionary compression methods, especially from LZ-algorithms family, are a part of this issue. These compression methods are very important to understand more difficult word-based ones. The main sight of this publication is description of implemented word-based dictionary compression algorithms. Modifications of these methods and results of experiments are included too. There are also details contextual with implementation of the application and its user manual. The objective of this thesis
is examination of word-based dictionary data compression methods, possibilities of their improvement and their implementation linked with experiments on well-known data compression corpuses.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on development of a web-based client for database object management. The main task was to follow up on my bachelor paper and enhance the YODA tool, especially with translation to other languages, support of additional DB objects (views, sequences, synonyms etc.), stored program unit support (procedures, functions, triggers, packages) or user profiles. PHP was used as a programming language. The main effort was for the wide scale of Oracle users to make their work easier and provide them with a remote acces to the database.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this thesis is to design and implement pilot version of meta-Case tool. The thesis includes the summary of already developed meta-models concepts and definition of new developed concept based on project GOPRR.
The main part of thesis describes design of application and its implementation. The developed application was implemented in Java language. There is rich GUI for user support and the scripting functionality is ensured through JavaScript language.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with Content Management System (CMS). The requirements and features of the system are defined. The several other products with same properties are presented. Behavior, functionalities and user interface are specified. The analysis results are described by UML diagrams. The implementation environment and tools are selected. The program was design, implemented and tested. The evaluation of the work and couple of improvements are presented at the end of thesis.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my bachelor thesis is the implementation of a data adapter module for the testing framework E-WAIT, that is used to simplify the creation and testing of algorithms.
The data adapter module provides storage and management of all data produced by the testing framework E-WAIT.
The project consist of the analysis of demands on the data adapter, further the selection of convenient frameworks and the respective implementation in the Java programming language.
There were used a lot of various technologies during the development such as the Hibernate
ORM tool, the Spring application framework, the GWT web framework and many others.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to implement and document a web service, whose aim is to provide
means for organizing user photographs. Implementation provides a way to export photographs
in special format with meta-data. The work explains why none of the existing web galleries are
suitable for the project this work is a part of and this document also supplies rational analysis
why such specific solution is required. The implementation consists of two interfaces. The first
one is a web page designed for picture manipulation on a visual basis. The second one is a web
service where user can remotely access the contents of his or her account.
</td>]
[<td>Create a web portal that enables users to report violations of the law anonymously, but which also admits public control over the solutions of violations. It won’t be possible for the police to ignore the announcements published on the internet.
The pilot project calculates with realization of a portal focused only on traffic violations in the sphere of parking within the cities with large number and density of population.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on design and implementation of an information system for company Sigmin, a.s. – web application for support of marketing and project processes of the company and for communication support of their employees. Initiation study for gaining a state about requirements and features which should system contain is made at first. The work continues with analyzes of discovered requirements and with system implementation design. It also deals with description of implementation and its evaluation.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of two public key cryptography algorithm simulators. The algorithms are the Diffie-Hellman algorithm and the RSA(Rivest-Shamir-Adleman) algorithm.

</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement multiplayer game Ludo with support of chat and ability to save, load and replay a game. The game is realized in Microsoft Visual C++. For network communication is used TCP/IP protocol and graphical interface is realized with use of SDL library.</td>]
[<td>This thesis treats with the implementation of data transfer from a microcontroler over the Ethernet interface. It analyses current implementations of TCP/IP for embedded systems and consider possibilities of using in specific applications. The goal of this work is to implement HTTP and MODBUS servers to provide data reading and writing over IP network. This work includes analysis of system requierements of the presented solution.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this B.A. thesis is the creation and implementation of the Register of Software Product Installations.</td>]
[<td>Design and implement part of Digest Access Authentication scheme as standalone class in C# language for framework .Net 2.0. Design and perform testing.Implementation Bachelor Project. </td>]
[<td>In this publication aims to briefly describe the specifications of software development of a systems with high level request for reliability, functional and technical security. Make a research of UML profiles for safety critical applications which are in use. Compare these UML profiles and find the usability of UML profiles for the development of the Electronic voting application.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with creation of system for teachers to verify knowledge of their students from computer science. The main aim is to create usable application to generate and evaluate test from selected section. These results have to be given to teachers to evaluate student’s knowledge. Creation of questions relevant to the basic computer science is also part of this work.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is a creation of math e-books for secondary level school students using webMathematica. Implementated tools are demonstrated on selected topics from the first year study.</td>]
[<td>In theoretical part of this work is an exam overview of polysomnographic signals and their specifications with accent on newborns and neonates. Performed implementations are focused on processing realization methods of polysomnographic signals in order to automatically recognize stages of sleep. These methods were consequently tested on several signals gathered from real living newborn’s. All used methods were implemented in Matlab.</td>]
[<td>It is not easy to find a tool for problems related to hazards, which provides illustrative examples to explain what hazards mean and why they occur. So task of this diploma thesis is to create a courseware,
which guides a user through the hazard problem in logical circuits and simulates function of a circuit and visualizes a hazard behavior on examples.

The diploma thesis consists of four significant parts -- an Event Planner, an ISCAS\\\'89 and Xilinx ISE WebPack Scheme Parser, an Interactive User Interface, and a Hazard Analysis. The Event Planner is created for simulation of logical circuits and provides events for other parts of the application. ISCAS\\\'89 format and ISE WebPack format are used as input files for circuit description. Interactive part uses
an interval tree to search for graphical objects selected with a mouse. For the Hazard Analysis a brute force algorithm is used.

The courseware is usable both for educational purposes and, as a side effect, for saving pictures of schemes or timing diagrams in the EMF format, providing a resizing capability without loss of quality.
</td>]
[<td>The primary purpose of this diploma work is to make a universal peripheral board. The board contain following peripherals: USB, PS/2, 3 x RS-232, display output, relay, 2x Analog/Digital input AC 0 – 24V or DC 0 – 30 V and 27 I/O ports for free use. Free use ports are connected to microcontroller pins on the board. The board is designed to be connected to PC. This board can take care of a lot of problems like low voltage switching operation, external device commanding through serial interface or to take control of device with free use pins. Also it’s able to receive data from detectors etc.</td>]
[<td>This paper deals with the design and implementation of a language for describing board games. The language describes an automaton for controling multimedia game Cetus Navigator, which will allow a controlled projection of a game board on a desk and monitoring the game pieces across the desk with an eventual audiovisual reaction to the change of the game state.
The language describes the transition from one state to another using a set of rules, which process the pieces\\\' movement on the board, check their validity and conclude their consequences based on the rules of the actual game. The outcome of this work is a library, which allows the loading of a game description from a file and subsequently accepts the moves of the pieces, changes the state according to them and concludes and returns the reactions to these moves. The work does not address the implementation of neither the audiovisual, nor the tracking part of the final application.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the creation of individual function block for native XML database system being developed at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, FEE CTU Prague. The module provides a communication between database machine and client applications. The client application could be represented by SOAP server, Web server and so on which transform picked communication protocol to another one and vice versa.

Beside the server module is required a clear communication protocol which standardize a transferring data format.

Another needs describes a designing and implementation of the communication library for simplified mutual communication. The library is like an interface for receiving and sending messages and is independent on used communication protocol.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this master thesis is the choice of the operating system(Linux, xBSD) for embedded computer(architecture I586). The next will be choice a suitable software for right function as a wireless router. The solution will be fill in with appropriate administrator\\\'s functions. All will be experimental implemented. So one of this operating system will be chosen, installed and setup. After it will be chosen an appropriate software which is suitable for a wireless router. And the last one will be program an administrator\\\'s interface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is a design and implementation of the visualization module for the testing environment E-WAIT. This testing environment serves to simplify the work of experimenter while assembling, testing and analyzing algorithms. The main goal of this visualization module is to enable represent tabbed measurement data graphically. It provides a well-arranged and intuitive graphic web interface for an easy work.

The technology Google Web Toolkit with GWT-Ext extension was used for a presentation layer and the library JFreeChart was used for an application layer in the process of implementation on Java5 platform.

The thesis contains requirement analysis, realization design and a description of singnificant implementation parts.</td>]
[<td>In the first part of my thesis, I have focused on analyzing the functional requirements of an
International Students Club’s (ISC) Buddy System, a partnership program which provides foreign
students with the necessary assistance and enhances the overall cultural experience during their stay
in the Czech Republic. Present situation is that ISC’s ability to serve the consistently expanding
number of incoming students is limited and can not be maintained by the information system
currently in use.
In the realisation phase I have implemented the critical areas as a module for Drupal, an open-source
Content Management Framework (CMF) that was chosen by the Erasmus Student Network (ESN)
organization to run all the member students clubs‘ websites. The resulting work, properly
documented and structured, could be a major contribution to all the students clubs within ESN.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is build up Petri net model. Convert it to VHDL and synthesis.
The softwares CPN Tools, pn2vhdl, ModelSim and ISE WebPack were used for building, analyzing the model, simulation and synthesis.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyses existing virtual models of FEE building and applications for navigation
within this building. It uses them as inspiration and describes the choice of a new engine and
development of a virtual model for this engine and modification of existing application to achieve
effective navigation in this model.
It also describes implementation of the final product into electronic kiosk and into the virtual
room called Cave.
Finally it proposes future development of the model. For better imagination it includes
pictures of modifications and final product.</td>]
[<td>The feature selection is one of the most important elements of preprocessing data for automatic classification.  Generally, the selection of attributes is a choice of subset measured values which will be used in next step for processing and classification. Right choice of the suitable features decreases the dimension of the space and mostly makes possible to find more accurate classifiers.
In this project I dealt with the testing possibilities of the Particle Swarm Optimization method for feature selection, decreasing input vectors dimension and comparing this method with others.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of the work was to implement e-learning solution for teaching specic courses
of Department of Computer Scienece and Engineering at FEE CTU in Prague. I compared
advantages and disadvantages of existing web-based e-learning systems and considered
features needed for using such system at the Department and implementing these
features in one of the open-source systems. Finally I tested the solution and lled it
with sample data.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents an inplementation of a computer system for handing in and evaluating semestral homeworks.
The system has two main functionalities: An administrative one, which is in charge of assigning of homework topics to students, and an evaluating one which comapares the uploaded homework the already submited ones in order to detect a plagiarism.</td>]
[<td>This essay is about a virtual reality environment, mutual cooperation type of this and about the solving the specific problem set before. It´s talking about basic of the VRML, basic of the 3D modelling and working with some of freeware modellers too. The result of this is the virtual gallery used to placed to the internet and used to create own art gallery.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on exploration of possibilities simulator of artificial life and comparing them with mine simulator. It also includes familiarization with the relevant accession and concepts in the field of artificial life simulation and research group MRG (Mobile Robots Group). Also contains description of three-dimensional simulator of artifical life.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this document is implementation of tool for digital photography presentation and sharing, including related data, on internet. Result is thin-client type application, based on analyse of comparision randomly selected similar systems and user suggestions.  </td>]
[<td>This kind of work is implementing. Meaning of it lie on creating of program, which simulates movement of space object in Solar System. Created program is implemented in Java language. On the basis of exploring celestial mechanics laws, I created mathematical model, which input are orbital parameters of known space bodies and the time, when we want to know its location. Thanks to coordinates, which are computed by the mathematical model, program will show theese bodies and their trajectories in three dimensional space. Program can also compute distance between bodies and show their movement in time. Thanks to discovered laws about Sun and Moon eclipse the simulator can determine approximate time of this effect between given years. The program allowes to include new space objects, if we know their orbit and partialy supports also their visualisation. Part of program is a short collecion of information. It is also supported to add links to more information from internet. Created mathematical model is not dependent only on Solar system, it could be used for simulation of any orbital system.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this work is to explore possibilities of using wavelet transform for the purpose of digital audio signals compression. The fundamentals of wavelet transform are explained, and some areas of its successful usage are shown here. The reader will learn about most widely used formats for digital audio signals storage and transmission. This work also includes comparison of wavelet-based algorithms with commonly used compression algorithms, and some improvements are suggested. Some results of experiments with wavelet transform are also introduced here.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis is being described the architecture as well as the implementation of application that allows scene distribution inside cluster of computers and real time 3D stereoscopic rendering. Further is being described the method how to implement new plug-ins to the application.</td>]
[<td>This work is dealing with design, implementation, and management of ETL processes on Oracle platform. An example of investment property evidence in a company was used to demonstrate implementation of Oracle Warehouse Builder 11 development tool in OS Unix/Linux environment.</td>]
[<td>The work consists of research in the area of web-based map APIs and a comparation amongst publicly avaiable products. The aim based on the results is to describe approaches to implement an application using these technologies and then implement it.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this work was to design and create a redaction system based on XML technology.
This system should make possible creating and editing valid XML documents, their storage into a native XML database and consequently showing them to the user via XSL style sheets.
This system will be composed of two parts - administration interface (so-called back-end) and part visible to common users (so-called front-end). For creation of the administration interface either Java 2 Enterprise Edition (J2EE) platform or Microsoft .Net technology will be used. To display the documents (web pages) a free publication system operating with XML and XSL technologies will be employed. </td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to project graphical user interface for set-top box designed for elderly people.
The project follows the User-Centered Design methodology with emphasize on needs, requirements
and constraints of target users. These criteria are analyzed and the interface model is
built based on the analysis’s evaluation. The model is tested in the final part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis concerns to information system design using design pattern. Description of design patterns is involved with respect to their usability. The work imported by Framework created for IS implementation. Including analysis and implementation of concrete IS witch was tested and used in practice.</td>]
[<td>Implement a system to track and support software project development.
The system shall not only work as a tool for project planning, tracking
and evaluating, but shall help students understand the software
engineering process as well. The administrators (teachers) shall be able to create projects, user
accounts and assign projects to developers (students). Project Team (developers assigned to one project) shall be able to input
a development plan for the project. The plan shall consist from multiple
tasks. Each task shall have estimated time, priority and deadline
associated with it. Tasks will be assigned to team members. The developers shall have the ability to log time and other data for
each of their projects. Based on the data logged by developers the system shall evaluate the
quality of the software process. The evaluation shall be based on
indexes and metrics that are described in CMMI and SEI documents.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create intranet information system for Hasièský záchranný sbor kraje Vysoèina, which should simplify exchange of internal informations. Here is described a progress from analysis, design, implementation to final application testing. Bachelor thesis contains CD with User\\\'s guide and complete source code.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is to implement the application for extracting data from the Web, storing and converting this data to semantic web format RDF. Project includes design and implementation of application and core extraction system. The project also contains a part describing common problems and principles of Web data extraction. The survey of web content mining toolkits is included in this project as well.</td>]
[<td>Nowadays, programs more and more depend on libraries. Application libraries are usually implemented in various languages, not always in our desired language. Programmers wishing to use various foreign language libraries and programs must write their own glue code, which can be tedious and time consuming.
The main aim of this work is the design and the implementation of a glue code generator for Smalltalk/X. The name of the generator is Cface. Cface is a tool used to create source code which provides the glue between C libraries and Smalltalk/X.
Smalltalk/X is a complete implementation of the Smalltalk programming language and development environment.
I have also developed a small part of the Subversion client for the Smalltalk/X. Subversion client does not cover all features, but is able only to write out the list of files in the given Subversion repository. The generated glue code is fully used when accessing
Subversion functionalities.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor´s thesis deals with questions of e-learning and HCI. The thesis describes e-learning system Moodle and DoSystem - Do test (EduBase). There is also a suggestion of tests for application system Moodle in Usability lab included. The suggestion is focused on creating a recommendation for making educational courses in the Moodle area and improving its GUI.</td>]
[<td>This work is a result of investigation of the problem concerning technology of barcode and creating SW for its reading.

</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on researching compression of test samples, vectors of
logical values 1, 0 and don\\\'t cares, for ISCAS benchmark circuits. Huffman
coding, Packed-based and Run-length methods were implemented and
compared on the base of their compression ratios and complexity of needed
hardware.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to describe and analyze different communication strategies based on XML message passing. This work examines a technology known as web services and analyzes different technologies for communicating using the client-server model. It also describes the programming tools used for their implementation. The work further analyzes different techniques for asynchronous communication using XML messages and shows the implementation on practical examples. The last part of this work consists of two practical solutions. These solutions show how to use the communication using XML in practical cases.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create web information and a content management system for the Czech Ecology Society. The thesis begins with putting requirements together. On the basis of the results, a suitable content management system will be chosen. Design and implementation of plug-ins which enable creating of elections, voting and management of user accounts, are also included. The thesis concludes by application testing and short evaluation of goals of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work is engaged in proposal and realization interactive educational
system, whose point is to inform user about processes and threads in operating
system Windows XP.
There are some simple examples for creating processes, threads using .NET
technology and their synchronization as a part of education
</td>]
[<td>The goal of Web Interface of the Web Graph Service is to provide an user-friendly access to a wide graph database and option for searching graphs according to users search criterion. 

The interface also enables user to add a graph comment, edit graph description and generate vector images which represents the graph.

Indeed there is an option for downloading chosen graph.</td>]
[<td>Exam Builder is a service that can be used by teachers at schools and universities. It is an
enterprise web application that provides a complete examination process, beginning with the
creation of subjects, categories, and questions till examination, controlling exams and
providing results. It is user-friendly software, designed and implemented with different users
roles and rights to be used by any academic institute in any domain. This project has two
main aims which are improving examination process and managing teachers’ job by
providing and easy dynamic solution for creating and controlling tests and exams.</td>]
[<td>The work represents an implementation of information system for team collaborating in Microsoft Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 environment. Main goal of the work is to create easily extensible web portal which would provide all necessary informations for IT employees in one place within respectation of today’s trends in IT management. 
The work demonstrates ways how is it possible to implement data model, application and business process logic using new technology Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 based on ASP .NET and Windows Workflow Foundation.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the analysis, design and implementation of a specific adaptive web portal based on ontologies. The first part of the thesis gives a theoretical overview of the required technologies for implementing adaptive behavior. The second important part covers the adaptation process evaluation itself and is based on adequate testing results. This thesis is an experimentation which aims at evaluating the application of existing technologies in the field of adaptive web. This thesis should serve as a reference basis of future projects.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work was to create modules of an application software kit for a mobile platform and to use mobile technologies for a hospital department so that the efficiency of processes would increase. An analysis of the problem, design of a solution, implementation and testing were accomplished. The application was developed in Visual Studio 2005, in the C# programming language for Windows Mobile 5.0. MS SQL Server 2005 was chosen for data operations. As a handheld device for testing, an HP iPAQ hx2790 PDA (Personal Digital Assistent) was used.</td>]
[<td>The work has to demonstrate a usage of iterative methods of SW engineering on a specified project. The project should contain feasibility study, analysis, design and a prototype core of future software should be programmed. </td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to extend web-based information system Database of Conferences on the management of users, adding the possibility of sending a personal e-mail notification, the improvement of discussion forum, preparation of citation data about conference for information system Database of Publications and the elimination of defects in original version.
Extension builds on technologies that were used by the original version of the system.</td>]
[<td>This text is a documentation of the Information system for the summer children camp. The system provides an Internet presentation of the camp, it supports communication among camp participants and it affords event planning during the year. My diploma thesis is divided into several basic parts. The summary of the present state is mentioned in the first part. Used technologies are discussed in the second part, which is followed with the study and analysis of the system. Last chapters contain information on the system implementation and testing. The information system including documentation is available on the enclosed DVD.</td>]
[<td>The work presents the solution and implementation of a library which can navigate the camera in 3D scene in OpenGL or Raytrace mode. This library can be used for recording a motion and for editing the motion with interpolations.</td>]
[<td>This work is about analysis and implementation of programme for computer criminality detection. Thesis analyse storage and hidding of data, forensic procedures and their software implementation. Result of this work is computer programme for Windows and Linux, which can search for files, analyse content of files, and is able to display about five houndreds of file types. Low-level part of application can read disk, analyse partition and file-systems. Application is designed in extensible manner, and more functionality can be added over time.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with method of the coherent ray tracing. It is focused
especially on exploiting optimization of partial parts of the
components, such as ray-triangle intersection test, ray-box
intersection test and the hierarchy traversal algorithm. The main topic
of this thesis is the usage of accelerating of hierarchy traversal
algorithms based on ray packeting. The goal of the thesis is study of
existing algorithms and their following optimization. Therefore also
new algorithms are presented in this thesis. These new algorithms
arise from extending the previously published methods. The presented algorithms have been successfully implemented and evaluated.
In particular the thesis provides a comparison of the implemented algorithms
in terms of their efficiency on different types of scenes.</td>]
[<td>The existence of the Strategy Design Pattern indicates that during the programming procedure programmers usually need to change the implementation of one or more than one and in extreme situations all methods of existing objects. Unfortunately just a few programming languages that use dynamic typing provide this possibility. In this thesis I present a possibility how to change the class of an existing object even in programming languages that use static typing under specific conditions. Therefore I have extended the type system and the Java language grammar and I have improved the standard Java compiler in the way, that it supports the changes of the classes of existing objects now.</td>]
[<td>The thesis addresses the design of a vector generator whose entry parameters will be changeable by a text file. A transformation function is connected to the output of the generator; it transforms the sequence within the generated vectors. The last part of the work is a block that processes the transformated vectors. The whole system will be implemented by VHDL (i.e. very high speed circuit hardware description language).
The aim of the experiments with the system is the search for such the most appropriate generator entry to that we get the highest number of the resultant vectors.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with data mining analysis for purposes of forensic analyses of data carriers, describes compliance of basic information obtaining methods for oyer and checks methods of using a forensic analyzer developed by a group of students at the  MFF UK for the purposes required by the oyer.</td>]
[<td>This document describes a software package for easy and flexible creation of simple human animations. The package is intended for use within the Java3D environment. For modeling of the human character and its movements, the open source 3D modeling software Blender is employed. The package allows skinning of the animated character, as different models and animation data can be combined. The data conversion between Blender and Java3D and the animation algorithm are discussed in detail. Steps of the design are covered in this thesis together with the usage of the software package.</td>]
[<td>Degenerate strings are primarily used as a textual representation of sequenced DNA. In this thesis we propose and implement an on-line construction algorithm that constructs a k-Truncated Suffix Automaton, an automaton that indexes all factors of length upto k of a degenerate string. Existing algorithms for searching regularities, namely repetitions, covers and seeds are adapted to work over the k-Truncated Suffix automaton and consequently are implemented.</td>]
[<td>Mobile Study Guide is a type of work which is ment to react on actual trends in telecommunication technologies;
especially on growing popularity of mobile phones. The aim of this programme is to replace folders of exercise books and diaries covered with notes about subjects\\\' organisation. To summarize them into a digital form with possibility of transfer to another device.
If there is one single person, who will find writing notes into this mobile phone application useful, then this work will fulfill it\\\'s purpose.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design a suitable network protocol for software licensing purposes and to implement it using a independent component.
   
This thesis looks at and evaluates the current situation in the market, surveys the recent trends in the use of illegal software, provides a comparison of the methods currently used and assesses the existing protocols in terms of their suitability for this purpose. Drawing on this theoretical background, the thesis provides a proposal of a new network protocol for LAN licensing, and a comparison thereof with other protocols and solutions in use. The thesis also describes a server/client implementation using the envisaged protocol bearing in mind the requirements of modern trends and cross-platform usage.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to look for available packages for managing Binary Decision
Diagrams on the internet, give account of the representation of BDD, introduce an example of
creating and managing a simple BDD, and above all point out the differences between each of
the packages. The input file for loading diagrams is in PLA espreso format, whose reading
will be necessary to implement. The end of this work is devoted to a lucid comparison of the
packages supplemented by benchmarks.
</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to create an program and algorythms, which will generate dividing lines for
PCB. Final program will be used for production prototypes PCB.</td>]
[<td>One of this year\\\'s bachelor theses deals with the creation of a 3D graphic model of the building of CTU FEE in Prague. This model is running on Quake 3 engine and its management and customizations require access to the source form of its maps and their consequential recompilation.
This work is aimed at designing an application prototype that could be used to manage the model without the need for lengthy compilation.</td>]
[<td>Analyse of SCTP protocol in relation to main protocols of transport layer, description of exists aplications and practical test of multihoming and collective messages sending.</td>]
[<td>This text serves as documentation of information system made for a company, which specializes
in rental of various types of vessels (sailboats, catamarans etc.) all over the world. System allows
to maintain and present o ers of vessels, calculate actual rental price including discounts, make
reservations and display detail information about the vessels.
Master´s thesis is divided into several parts. First one describes technologies and approaches
used in the implementation. Second part contains the initial study including expert article,
catalog of requirements and project size estimate. The third part consists of documentation of
analytical part of the project. And  nally the last parts are dedicated to actual implementation
and testing.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to inform reader about problems of application creation in programming language Java for mobile phones. It will be concentrated on differences between standard and mobile edition of Java, reciprocal compatibility of applications between various types of phones and at possibilities of wireless communication – especially at connection via Bluetooth device.
As an example application was created a desktop game TicTacToe (also known as Noughts &amp; Crosses) using Bluetooth connection for on-line playing of two players against each other.</td>]
[<td>This work should be used by air traffic controllers trainees in basic training for demonstrational purposes and for practising simple situations by trainees alone. It does not need any additional staff. It allows introducing in work environment of air traffic control and due to 3D view also an attractive way of demonstration.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this thesis is to describe development and implementation of integrated development interface for Atrium content management and publication system. First of all the reader is introduced to principles and concept of Atrium content management and publication system, which is important to understand following chapters. This is followed by summary of the AJAX technology, which is widely used trough the project. Next chapters represent design and implementation of graphic user interface and selection of suitable text editor. Most important chapter is about development of publication system module highlighting algorithm, which continues by the chapter describing parser.</td>]
[<td>Data mining has become very popular, there are many algorithms for data mining models creation, the problem is sharing these models. There is a PMML standard, which is defined for some models. But no support for a hybrid inductive models exists. This thesis deals with an extension of PMML standard and implementation of necessary functions for visualisation of structure and behaviour of loaded inductive models.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with efficient photo-realistic hair or fur rendering for a production high-quality rendering, which is mainly used in movies. The rendering of huge number of hair is still a difficult task for computer graphics.

The goal of this thesis was an implementation of a technique for accelerating hair rendering with preserved visual quality. A large part of the thesis presents also the lighting models for photo-realistic hair rendering. The implementation is for a RenderMan-compliant renderer, which is nearly always used in production environment.</td>]
[<td>Hardware accellerated occlussion queries supported by modern graphics hardware
allow to test visibility against the current contents of z-buffer.
Occlusion queries are commonly used for efficient occlusion culling algorithms.
This work presents a way how to use visibility data gathered during scene
rendering to improve shadow mapping. Shadow map mask speeds up shadow mapping
by rendering only necessary areas of shadow map. Far plane optimization
improves shadow map focus on visible parts of the scene and thus improves
quality of shadows.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to design and implement system which should by able to generate a DVD presentation based on user input. The system is supposed to run on GNU/Linux operation system. It is going to use many of supporting programs, which are going to work on inputs like videos, sounds and texts in descriptor file. Descriptor file determines the way of processing and behavior of all users inputs and represents the final look of presentation.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the design and implementation of an evaluation system for editorial system Ella from Netcentrum s.r.o. that is based on the framework Django. Django is the Web framework that is constructed on a scripting programming language Python. The evaluation system covers the rating for all objects in a database, the design of user’s karma for determination power of rating the given user. In the design of the power for individual users is
impeached the rating of objects where the user is owner. Next there is the design of the “ageing” rating for individual objects in dependence on the timing period when the objects were rated.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on methods of renewable power sources exploitation, respectively solar energy (daylight-saving); 
scilicet for heating-up warm supply water, pool water and heat              the rooms in households by force of solar panels. In the second 
part of this work is solved a practice problem (in program Mathematica) – assignation operating parameters for receiving solar energy through the use of solar panels and then its usage to heating-up water and heat the households.</td>]
[<td>This work concerns with problem of generating triangular meshes
used for computing partial differential equations using finite
element method. Triangular mesh is generated into selected detail
in 2D AutoCAD drawing and traces frontiers of this detail. Work is
describing in detail few triangular mesh generators, which are
satisfactory in practice. It is described implementation of
generator, which in practice generates triangular meshes suitable
for finite element method. Implementation is draw up as plug-in
for AutoCAD.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the new trends in multi-core processors IBM PC compatible development. The aim of the thesis is centred on description and comparison of the architectures and architecture features of dual-core and quad-core processors manufactured by Intel and AMD corporations and evaluation of its efficiency analysis. The work also decribes to organization, functioning principle and structure of cache memories and TLB in processors of both manufacturers.
The implementation includes the programm in C/C++ language, which can find out cache memory and TLB parameters of processors by Intel and AMD, and describes working principle of instruction CPUID. </td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of a graphical program for measurement data acquisition supporting multiple instrument types.
The work first introduces the context of the problem and identifies instrument classes to be supported. Further, the program architecture is discussed and the applied design pattern, Model-View-Controller, is explained along with other design principles. The implementation on the C# .NET platform is described is well including interesting programming techniques.
The result of the work is a functional program ready to support different instruments, two instruments are supported.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is design and implementation of freeware open-source strategic game based on isometric engine.Since the existing commercial games of this type are typically very complex, extensive and therefore they are developed  by many people for several years, we focus only the developement of an easily extensible high-quality core of strategic game. With the extensibility of this core was implemented game like commercial project known as Civilisation.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to create a tool enabling the view of data structures in data
files belonging to the database PostgreSQL. As an input can be the data file or the
directory of database and relfilenode of table. Output is divided in several nested layers
according to page layout.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma work is to design and create complex information system for monitoring ice hockey competitions. The work is realized for particular usage and after finished will be run at http://hokejdb.idnes.cz</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and implement plug-in into web browser Firefox that avoids phishing. For detection of fraudulent websites is used comparing of visual similarities between viewed sites and previously visited one. Whole application is divided into several parts. The most important is module handling visual comparing and part covering implementation into Firefox. All decisions if site is fraud are created abstractedly on external resources, seeing that plug-in uses for verdict own site database. After user mark warned page as a regular fraud site, the site is permanently blocked. Plug-in is widely user-configurable and user can tune plug-in accurately for its purposes.
Page\\\'s comparison is performed by method called Content-based image retrieval (CBIR), which is technology to compare images by their content.
Final product is platform independent and can be used on various systems (Windows Vista/XP, Linux, and Solaris. After pre-compilation some parts will be available also for Mac OS X).
Application was designed to be easy extended by new features and is also possible simply modification of every plug-in part. Prospective developer can consequently very simply change any existing module by new one or add completely new feature.
The second part of this thesis contains an analysis of existing methods of detecting fraud sites and their comparing with discussed solution. At this part are also discussed strengths and weaknesses of this technique and further this part include comparing with existing products, especially with products with similar idea.
</td>]
[<td>The idea of communication between human and computer is same old as electronic computer. Actually, in the last decade a remarkable development in that domain has been done thanks to rapidly growing computer power and huge scientific progress. The first aim of this bachelor thesis is to study and compare several speech analysis and synthesis frameworks. The second aim is to apply this know-how to real project: voice driven robot.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the design and the implementation of program for the amateur racing time measurement which is suitable for the district bicycle competition. The program is based on the Qt framework ported into the C++ programming language. It manages a competitor database and provides the time measurement for a competition. As a proof of identity of the competitor finishing the race at a certain time, it takes a photograph of the finish line in the time of the competitor’s thoroughfare.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis requirements of school information system for Základní ¹kolu a Mateøskou ¹kolu Pøerov, design and its own implementation. The final information system should be used by employees of the school and pupil’s parents, mainly to improve mutual communication across subjects involved into the system and in the efect make them the work easier and more effective.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to implement already existing microcontroller AVR described in VHDL language for FPGA device Spartan 3 on development board \\</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a design of a versatile cryptographic coprocessor for Elliptic Curve Cryptography dedicated for cryptographic operations over binary finite field, GF(2^m). The processor can work with (almost) any binary finite field of order (cardinality, number of elements) between 2^2 and 2^1000, can operate over either affine or projective coordinates and can use either polynomial basis or normal basis represenatation of field elements. The change of coordinate system is realized by a replacement of a controllers microprogram. The change of basis is done by replacement of appropriate arithmetic units and a minor change in a microprogram.

We use a Combo6X card as an implementation platform. We compare various processor configurations in area, frequency and clock cycles spent on the basic operation, scalar multiplication of a point on a curve. We also evaluate total time per single multiplication to determine whether PCI bus latencies prevent us from using Combo6X as a dedicated accelerator.</td>]
[<td>Main theme and subject of this work is to discover trends in crowd simulation in virtual environment, focus on some important projects and papers which can serve as an inspiration for later development of the main model. In the first part of this paper, I am talking about ways of crowd simulation application in real life, about path planning, collision detection and behaviour models. There is main focus on work of dr. Thalmann – VRLab from Switzerland and simulation of trainstation in Pensylvania by mr Therzopoulos. The goal of my work is to design environment or its components, which can lead to easier or realistic ways how to simulate real world in the virtual reality. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the design and implementation of a new part of the ModLyng application - the manager of configuration of structured models in hardware description languages. The configuration manager allows to view, edit and export structured models. The implementation of the configuration manager is done in C++ programming language with use of Qt library.

Main parts of the thesis are description of the intermediate representation of storing models in ModLyng application and used tools, the design of configuration manager and its implementation including its integration to the ModLyng application.</td>]
[<td>This document deals with the process of Bank Regulatory Reporting. Both business and technical analysis the process of bank regulatory reporting is performed. Based on the results of the analyses a software tool to support and automate specific part of the process is designed and implemented.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with issue of accommodation and classroom reservation at Educational Institute of Charity Czech Republic. The goal is to simplify room reservation for employees and customers as well by launching an interactive system via web interface and automate making out invoices of provided services on the basis of given data.</td>]
[<td>Obsahem této práce je postupné seznámení ètenáøe s programovacím jazykem J2ME a jeho odli¹nostmi od klasické Javy. Zachycuje problematiku vytváøení aplikací pro mobilní zaøízení. Poèáteèní teoretický úvod je zakonèen praktickou demonstrací návrhu, vývoje a testování aplikace komunikující pøes bezdrátové rozhraní bluetooth.</td>]
[<td>The work targeting two tasks related to the existing robotic platform BlueCar. First task is to study and suggest the way of simulating movement of this platform in 3D space. The simulator will act similarly like the physical platform in order to be exchangeable with it. The design of a communication interface between the simulator, the physical platform and a control computer is another connected objective. As a second task we will create several scenarios of utilization robotic platform in home enviroment then implement and test them. </td>]
[<td>Aim of this final project is to design specialized information system for needs of University of
Economics and Management. System will be managing information about graduated courses,
elaborated terminal projects, administrative points, students’ payments. This system will be used by
students, lectors and Study Department.</td>]
[<td>This diploma dissertation presents research of suitable components for home automation systems. The goal is a projection of a model intelligent home, which can achieve energy savings due to the proper components selection. Those components are chosen with regards to their energy demands. As a result a list of input and output signals of the components is presented. This work also includes a research of existing integrated home systems and monitor its realization possibilities.</td>]
[<td>This work is concerned with possibilities of JDBC connection to Oracle database. The possibilities are implemented in a application, which is capable to combine and execute these possibilities. Result of the application is general list of execution times and a chart. These results are helpful to recognize which of used methods is faster in a particular situation. Measured results are used to make recommended configuration of JDBC connection.</td>]
[<td>Demonstration applications created in this bachelor thesis are intend to support \\</td>]
[<td>This work presents compact view on self-study and consultations at a security area and RFID and smartcards technologies. The demo application,  which is the part of this work too, is based on this knowledge and uses this technologies.</td>]
[<td>  The work is describing network for data delivery (Content Delivery Network) and its optimization for the distribution of multimedia content. First is description of existing solutions from well-known companies, followed by description of technologies, which could be used for multimedia data delivery.
  Main goal is proposal of few methods for predicting future progress of requests to streams and also cache working strategies. Efficiency of methods is tried on implementation of simple distribution network in simulation enviroment Omnet++. All methods are evaluated on two data sets - with real and randomly generated requests for streaming. At the end is comparison of successfulness of all tested methods.
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis ATPG aplication based on solving SAT problem by open-source solver. SAT solver Minisat 2.0 is used, Ways of generating don´t cares in test patterns are explored. Files in format ISCAS 89 are input of aplication, resulted test patterns are compared with ATPG tool Atalanta. Parameters of SAT instances solved during ATPG are analyzed. ATPG tool can by used as generator of SAT instances in DIMACS format.</td>]
[<td>This Diploma deals with the minimization of incompletely specified multiple-output boolean functions by way of modified binary decision diagrams via CUDD package (Colorado University Decision Diagram Package). Primary task is to create software minimization tool of multiple-output boolean functions, verify tool\\\'s functionality and compare it experimentally with the other popular minimizers as Espresso or
Boom. Second goal is to write a formal text with elementary theory of decision diagrams.</td>]
[<td>Web Graph Service is a team project, whose goal is to create graph database with their computed attributes. Project also includes a web interface  in which users can easily search and view graphs. With this project we want to make theese graphs avaliable to more people and allow further use in research. Collection of graphs, which we want to make available, was created by Australian researchers in a field of combinatorics and contains more than 100 000 000 graphs. Collection is in parts available on their web site, but without computed attributes and can’t be searched for specific graphs. In easily accessible form, which we aim for, collection would be important for specialist in a field of abstract mathematics and practical computation science. Another goal is to save and offer  user knowledge about specific graphs by allowing them to fill in name of the graph, its comment or choosing most suitable generated image.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the design and implementation of a system for collecting, processing and subsequent distribution of data in wireless networks Zigbee and Bluetooth. The system is designed from the outset for embedded systems, therefore, had to be respected in the design of
low demands on memory and processor computer.
Deploying the system is demonstrated by the example of wireless collection of measured data on pacient‘s health status in hospital.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dealing with a design of a genetic algorithm for a specific problem in a synthesis of tools for build-in self-test. Design of the algorithm is focused on chromosome encoding and potentialities of different genetic operators application. Within the tests, the best combination of genetic operators will be evaluated. Achieved results will be compared to existing ones, randomly controlled Column-Matching algorithm and a random generator. At the end, a design of a messy genetic algorithm for this problem will be discussed.</td>]
[<td>Slony-I is one of the most powerful tools, which are currently used for replication of
PostgreSQL Database Management System. The database replication, as a process of
sharing information so as to ensure the consistency between redundant resources, is
important to improve reliability, fault-tolerance or accessibility. Very often
used in enterprise environment. This thesis describes PostgreSQL DBMS, its means
of replication, Slony-I engine and administration tool pgAdmin~III with design and
implementation user friendly wizards. They as addition to pgAdmin allow
simple creating and managing Slony-I clusters.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design smart geodatabase performance test and evaluate usabilty of object and relational databases in geo-applications. The thesis summarizes research of database benchmarking up to now and make a proposal of the new test on it\\\'s basis. The proposal consists of a data model and a set of typical geodatabase operations intended to test. Smalltalk implementation of this proposal is described in the second half of the thesis. The test is then implemented into GIS prototype and executed on PostGIS and Gemstone databases. Finally comes well-commented results with summary.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to analyze PDF format, its chances of securing data and to create a library processing string and stream encryption within PDF. The library should be platform independent and easy to use by higher layers. This library is going to be part of greater application based on few bachelor thesis.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this bachelor thesis is getting to know basic algorithms for teamwork planning, write a computer programme using those algorithms and test functionality of a simulator based on the A-Globe platform.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of simple computer in FPGA. The already developed
ADOP CPU core is used. Developed system is intended for use in computer architecture
and assembly language courses.
The system is based on the WishBone Interconnection Architecture. It includes interrupt controller,
SRAM controller, VGA graphic card, UART, PS/2 interface and some other peripherals.
System BIOS code and application for loading programs from personal computer form second
important part of work. Hardware design is implemented in VHDL and synthesized into Xilinx
Spartan-3 FPGA. Simple programs show capabilities and functionality of peripherals and whole
system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis was to analyze reguirements of driving school information system. Then, on the basis of that analysis, the information system has been implemented and tested. This project has been designed and implemented in NetBeans IDE development environment. It runs on Java Enterprise Edition 5 technology, GlassFish application server and Apache Derby relational database. Developed system provides administration of on-line registrations, payments, customers, employees and driving school cars. Last but not least it allows practical lessons planning and theoretical education registering. The implementation includes entire website that represents the driving school on the Internet.</td>]
[<td>This bachelory thesis deals with the creation of the system of animated help for applications KOS/KOSi/KOSi. It starts with a short summary of different kinds of help and proceeds further with the choice of suitable tool for creation of animated help. The thesis finally supplies information about the creation of fragments of the help and about a system for administration and browsing the animated help.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is study and describe the internal data model open-source applications GRASS and PostGIS. Compare their identical and different properties and checking support for 3D.
Second part of this work is storage and display a sample of 3D data model of Prague with these applications.
</td>]
[<td>Network traffic analysis is still actual subject. Data transmission 
efficiency demands are increasing and therefore is need to know how 
improve existing network. This work describes network characteristics 
processing and generating graphs depending on geographical locality.
Generated statistics can be used to Internet connection optimization
eventually to choose optimal location for new servers.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the problem of implementing a suitable communication interface to hospitals to establish video calls between patients, their relatives and the doctor. Many problems have to be solved, like choosing the right communication protocol, selecting a suitable server, managing the server from a hospital\\\'s personal and the question how to build a client interface for both patients and doctors.
Results of this work will be used in a real environment, such as Spanish hospitals.


</td>]
[<td>The mission of this work is to build up a station for reception and processing of data transmitted
by Meteosat satellite. The station should serve student members of Silicon Hill club and should
be a weather information source and a support for further club projects in Earth observations.
The set up of the station requires an installation of receiving antenna, a server installation and
configuration in the first place. In addition to this tools for conversion of received data and suitable
visualisation will be created. Processed images will be available for user via website.
Vector instructions SSE should be used for the part dedicated to image processing. The gcc
compiler contains vector extension in C language for their utilisation.</td>]
[<td>The gool of this work is to found out, if CASE tools support component-based software developement, eventually as support him. Usability I documenting on example VoIP.</td>]
[<td>This project is focused to creation of graphic library used to convert Java graphic objects to postscript
documents. Another part of this project is also creation of graphical user interface (in form of applet) to demonstrate options of graphic library.
Last project part is comparision of new graphic library with other accessible, mainly commercial, products.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with data compression methods. It contains analysis, design project and realization of compression algorithms library. This thesis separates coding out of the compression methods. The process of data compressing is divided into several parts. The library reflects this division with separated blocks.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is to find the most appropriate method from computational intelligence domain for slow biological signals prediction. To achieve this goal we need to study the basics of time series analysis, prediction by means of inductive models, choose the proper representatives from parametric and nonparametric methods and perform experiments by means of selected methods on various types of real data sets, including biological data from Motol Hospital in Prague. The results from this work can contribute to treatment of patients with brain injury.</td>]
[<td>Topis of this thesis is proposal and realization of cheap one-channel 500Mhz
digital osciloscope. The osciloscope is realized on Spartan3A(3E) Starter Board. For
data conversion is proposed and realized module with convertor which can be
connected to board with FPGA. Showing of measured data and controlling the
module by computer mouse is realized with Starter board. Controlling and
communication with some periferies is realized by embedded microprocesor
microblaze and available IP cores. For showing and recieving of data is designed user
IP core.</td>]
[<td>The work represents an application for employee resume management. The employees can easily create, update and generate their resumes through the portal solution called SAP Enterprise Portal. In the same way, the boss can get the resume of employees. The user interface of the application is similar to other products developed by the company SAP. This similarity simplifies the user\\\'s orientation and improves the usability of the application. All the information is stored centrally in the company\\\'s system called SAP Enterprise Resource Planning.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis will be presented fast fault simulator of  combinational logical circuits. Simulator uses speed up technique of parallel fault simulation, which allows to test even 64 faults, stored in bit word, during one pass throught circuit. Further will be presented principe of dominators in circuit, which complements and speeds up simulation. Simulator speed is compared to algorithm HOPE, used in system Atalanta.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of the project was to created web application of the travel agency booking system for company CK Lazaris s.r.o.. The basic motivation for created application was a not satisfy system of the travel agency. The motivation was a need to design a system, which should be simplifier and tabularer than the original system. The application using a relation database MySQL, over which a PHP 5 application was programmed. In the application were used the technologies as XHTML, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, XSL a XSLT, JQuery a CSS. An integral part was also adaptation GUI of web application by requirements of customer.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with three-dimensional terrain model generation from vector contour data. It compares various methods for terrain reconstruction and describes implementation of the algorithm that generates 3D model.
The work also contains results of the terrain reconstruction from topographic maps used in GPS navigation and results of terrain reconstruction for the purpose of archeology.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses the design and the implementation of system for evaluation and presentation of diagnostic data from permanently used railway interlocking equipment. Thesis designs effective method for processing and presentation of diagnostic data for any railway interlocking equipment. Compliance of target to design effective method for processing and presentation is validated by implementation of designed system and by creation of modules for processing a presentation of diagnostic data from track circuits KOA1 from company A®D Praha s.r.o.</td>]
[<td>In this project report, the details and results of experiment with simple active noise control system are presented. General background information about used hardware is provided as well as software techniques used to demonstrate typical application of active noise control algorithms. Mathematical theory of LMS and FXLMS algorithm is explained in a separate chapter. Experimental system consists of an adaptive FIR filter updated by FXLMS algorithm and results of its application on sample signals are discussed.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis implements and develops XML indexing module into the
CellStore project. It discusses positives and negatives of indices using Path Summary index, and implements four variations of this index type. It compares several of their qualities, like size, building time and searching speed. It integrates them into CellStore and QueryInterpreter.</td>]
[<td>The task of this document is introduce readers with basic principles of temporary carrier technology IPTV and the influences which it markedly changed.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this diploma thesis is to create an interactive application. This application will provide the means to generate scenes with different types and shapes of lightning. The application should display these scenes and all the objects in the scene should be illumined by the lightning.
This paper is divided into three parts. The first part focuses on modeling and visualizing different shapes of lightning, exploring various methods and approaches for its creation.   
On the following pages explore the possibilities of lightning illumination, the way the clouds and the landscape is lid and the effect of light scattering on the atmosphere. The emphasis is placed on scattering of the light in the clouds, key for the final impression of the given scene.
</td>]
[<td>The rapid increase in the performance of graphics hardware, coupled with improvements in its programmability, have made graphics hardware a compelling platform for computationally demanding tasks. The goal of this thesis is to introduce to general-purpose computation on graphics processors and implementation of incompressible Navier-Stokes fluid equations running entirely on the GPU</td>]
[<td>The rapid increase in the performance of graphics hardware, coupled with improvements in its programmability, have made graphics hardware a compelling platform for computationally demanding tasks. The goal of this thesis is to introduce to general-purpose computation on graphics processors and implementation of incompressible Navier-Stokes fluid equations running entirely on the GPU</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about a part of the system, which is used
for 3D design of interiors. System has four parts, web
application, desktop application, server application and
renderer. This work describes two of them, server and desktop
application.
Server application is an engine and central
communication unit. It handles incoming requests from other
applications and executes related actions. Desktop application
is a 3D designer of interiors. It’s used for creating new scenes
and editing existing scenes, which were created in web
application.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is an implementation of a graphical editor, which is intended for visualization of finite element meshes as well as their editation. The purpose of this program is to prepare the input data for the finite element method - a widely known method for numerical solutions of scientific and engineering problems described by partial differential equations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyses usability of genetic algorithms for synthesis of linear feedback shift registers for testing of very large scale integrated circuits.
The main goal is to find such a register feedback polynomial and seed which would generate the largest possible set of vectors from given test patterns list. The list is obtained from an automatic test pattern generator.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this bachelor thesis is Design and implementation of content management system, or in short CMS. In the beginning I define, what these systems are and what are the best advantages of using them, also mentioning, what the needs on good CMS system are. Then I explain, what is templating and dive further into this topic. I have devoted few chapters to explain how does XML, XSL and CSS work as a mean of templating.
In the next part I discuss the design of this content management system and declare, how this system will be implemented and what are the musts, communication interfaces and other necessities related with the design. In the end I evaluate the implementation, how I was successful and mention the future of this project.
</td>]
[<td>The work contains analysis and implementation of speech recognition frontend on Cell BE architecture. Developed frontend, optimized for one Cell SPU, is 2,5x faster than frontend running on common Pentium 4 processor. 66,5 million samples of input speech signal per second can be processed on one SPU. These results imply, that Cell is suitable for processing large amount of speech data, more than one speaker can produce.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create PC game called  “Battleships” using Design Patterns and reusable code. Writing describes Design Patterns and progress of analysis and implementation of game. Bachelor thesis contains CD medium with source codes, libraries, used models, textures and compiled binaries.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes and implements multiplication of sparse matrices in different store formats. It also discuss using Strassen’s algorithm as a way to advance efficiency of execution.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this bachelor\\\'s thesis is analysis and implementation of an information system for digital library for Faculty of Philosophy &amp; Arts (Charles University, Prague). The system should gather relevant information useful for academic research and publications. This thesis contains a preliminary part of the whole project which is based on an open-source solution. The result of this phase of software development is an applicable application prototype with a data sample. </td>]
[<td>This work engages in a transformation of a multi-level logic network into a two-level logic
network in sum of products form. Two methods are here implemented. They are based on
recursive steps through circuit from output to input and their efectivity is compared. As the
input format describing circuit is used BENCH format, as the output format of circuit
transformed in two-level logic network is PLA format. A comparison is made with a method
that uses structures called Binary Decision Diagram (BDD), also with another solution based
on identical principle as my solution, and also with programs SIS and MVSIS.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is design and development of a software system that supports main processes in daily restaurant operations.
The application is developed based on the requirements of one specific restaurant. The system is designed to increase efficiency and computerize several tasks like: orders processing, reservations and inventory support.
For the implementation of this project the NetBeans integrated development environment (IDE) is chosen. The Java EE 5 has incorporated different APIs (Application Programming Interface) that are used for the realization of this work, mainly Java Database Connectivity and Java Persistence.
The whole thesis can be divided into several parts. The first important part describes the task specification. Another section is devoted to the system analysis and design. The realization part briefly explains the most relevant features of the application. Finally, for the testing part of the project has been dedicated one chapter.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to design and realize a web interface of a virtual world, which is to be implemented by a multiplayer online strategic game. This project consists of two parts: the web interface, which runs on a web server, and the virtual world itself. For inter-process communication a technology called Windows Communication Foundation has been applied.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this study is to implement built-in self testing system design on
FPGA. Such system could be used for example in systems on chip, FPGA
implemented. The core idea is the implementation of a tester with the help of FPGA
reconfiguration instead of using classical self testing equipment implemented on the
FPGA with original design system on chip. I have designed a model for testing of one
circuit, which is based on the IEEE Standard 1149.1 (Boundary-Scan). I have
subsequently applied this model on testing other circuits. During the testing, FPGA
reconfiguration was carried out manually; i.e. for each test step I have prepared
special bitstream and these bitstreams were loaded into the FPGA. This approach
guarantees that all circuits are tested. When the test is finished, it is possible to load
into FPGA a bitstream, which configures the system into the original function mode.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the creation of an information system supporting the agenda of abroad studies for the use of the faculty of electrical engineering. The goal is to design and create a user friendly application, which will simplify the management of the agenda of abroad studies. 
The thesis can be divided into several parts. The preliminary part deals with the general definition of the actual assignment with indication of requirements being asked of the system. The next part covers the analysis of requirements and the system design. Next part describes the actual implementation and discuses the test methods. The concluding part contains appraisal of achieved results.
</td>]
[<td>Shadows are very important in computer graphics. They increase the level of realism and provide very strong depth cues. Without shadows generated images will never appear realistic. Real-time shadow generation is based on two main approaches - shadow maps and shadow volumes. In this thesis we will focus on the first one. 
Shadow maps are very simple, fast and easy to implement. But, shadow map algorithm works in image space, which is source of many problems. Due to the numerical error during trasformations and limited size and precision of z-buffer, shadow maps suffer from aliasing and sampling problems. The goal of this thesis is to explore ways for reducing these problems and improving visual quality of generated shadows.</td>]
[<td>This project is aimed to describe the new trends in development of processors from AMD company. It is also tries to describe single architecture of processors with accent to 64-bit architecture and multi-core processors of AMD. Project also wants to describe the performance measurement with basic testing codes and at the end evaluate performance of given processors.</td>]
[<td>Content-based image retrieval (CBIR) solves the problem of image search without annotation. Search comparison is based on features, that can be automatically acquired from the images.

This diploma thesis is focused on image clustering based on common color features. The work introduces a couple of ways of feature extraction from images, the methods involve not just color but also shapes and orientation of the objects in the picture.

The second outcome from this project is a stand-alone application for 
photo organization, which enables a user to search for pictures similar to the selected one.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this bachelor thesis is to analyse a present state of e-Learning tools specialized on foreign languages learning and creating the concept of modern e-Learning tool  based on experience acquired in previous analysis. In the first part of this bachelor thesis is a brief introduction to the area of e-Learning training and present types and trends of this kind of learning. Further there are presented brief notes about tested tools and general requirements for the designing tool. The second part of this bachelor thesis consists of analysis of this requirements and the sketch of their solutions modeled by processes. Further you can find some information about used modeling technique and the there is complete process model in the appendix too.</td>]
[<td>At present time it is a trend to publish one’s opinions, knowgledge and news on Internet. Growing
lack of communication between people is forming Internet communities of various orientation
and interest. Today are for these purposes many applications. But, what about the future?
Only few of them supports semantic publishing, which should one day replace today’s style of
documents creation.
The result of this work is system, which allows publishing of documents containing semantic
description of its content. Author has to markup the meaning of document parts and system
will interpret his document in form of web page. System itself internally uses such documents,
so it proves, that use of such data description is meaningful.
Whole this model contributes to reusability of data, which can be published in various forms
using just one source.</td>]
[<td>This works deals with the issue of designing and creating an editor of PHP code, which is accesible as internet online application and enables user-defined syntax highlighting.</td>]
[<td>The task of this Bachelor thesis is implementation of Data Link Layer for PCI Express bus. The main goal of the Bachelor thesis is design and simulation of Data Link Layer block using the VHDL language.
In the text is a brief description and introduction of computer\\\'s buses. Next chapter describes PCI Express interface. The following chapter describes the implementation and simulation of particular entities.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with visualization of logic hazards (static and dynamic) in combinatorial circuits in such way, that it could be used for educational purposes. The demonstration is done on the gate level in a schematic of a logic circuit. The tool loads the schematic from a text-based file that complies to the ISCAS\\\'89 format. Then it shows this schematic in a graphic form and enables the user to interact with the elements. The tool\\\'s simulation engine demonstrates how the signal is spreading across the circiut according to the gates\\\' delay. Also, the user is being notified about any emergence of hazard via change in the color of the signal.
In the beginning, this project considers a suitable solution for introduction into the matter of logic hazards. Then a choice for a proper development platform is being made, mentioning certain pros and cons. The last part is a study on the solutions of particular problems that emerged during the implementation process.
The result of this project is a tool that supports understanding the matter of logic hazards.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with software application for controlling PC computer via Bluetooth device.The application consists of a server and a client part. The server is running on the host PC with aBluetooth adapter. The client is typically running on a handheld device with a Bluetooth and Java environment.The client sends predefined commands to the server, these commands are then processed and corresponding actions are executed on the server.
</td>]
[<td>The work describes the design and the realisation of a tool for collecting and presenting the data of biological character in order to popularize natural sciences and coordinate exchange of information and media between specialists and wide public. It is an open, but supervised encyclopedia of biology with the emphasis on accessibility for users of various technical background, language and education. </td>]
[<td>Data preprocessing is an essential issue in inductive modeling and data mining tasks. There is a lot of preprocessing methods and it is not trivial to pick up the right one. This work focuses on data preprocessing that is being used in inductive modeling, in particular on preprocessing of nominal attributes. It compares conventional preprocessing techniques (data normalization, transforming nominal
attributes to binary ones, missing value replenishment) and their impact on a learning algorithm accuracy. In addition, a nominal attributes preprocessing method called evolutionary encoding is introduced. This method tries to find optimal encoding using genetic algorithm approach.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with issue of graphics processing units. It describes principles of their work and possibilities of their application. There is also an introduction to the Cg programming language and to the BrookGPU tool. Both of them enable work with the graphics pipeline.
The text should give you a skill of thinking in graphics processor logic and skill of writing basic programs for graphics hardware.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of extension for PHP Open Source publication system ActionApps that enables fetch data in general data format. This extension includes a friendlier user interface (GUI) for the mapping of data into a database and transformation functions of data that are being saved. There is an effort to implement all as an integrated API which will be easier understandable to the developers. This work focuses on the schedule data therefore the background research deals with the question of the data which calendars save.</td>]
[<td>The basic idea of an adaptive e-learning hypermedial system is to respect the individuality of a student, which is the way how to enhance the efficiency of an electronic e-learning system and the relevancy of presented information. The work defines the term of semantic web, describes the principles of an adaptive hypermedial system design, a model of an user and adaptive techniques, as well as elaborates the design of the model of e-learning course using adaptive AHA! system and being purposed for high school natural-science subjects teaching.</td>]
[<td>The work describes the last development of the systems using interactive whiteboard and on the basis of results of MirandaNet Interactive Whiteboard Project in Great Britain deduces possibilities for its use in school education. The main part is devoted to the applications usable in science subjects on the secondary schools and the comparison of its application interface to possibilities offered by the setup consisted of dataprojector and computer.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an implementation of a parallel LR syntactic analyzer and his testing. Parallel analyzer is based on modified sequential analyzer which behaves like a push-down automaton.
Parallel analyzer has 5 phases. During these phases it builds a graph of transitions which contains all possible decomposition paths of input string. Following actions removes from graph of transitions wrong paths and they leave there only one correct path. These actions are pointer jumping technique, reduce-rank expansion, parallel parenthesis matching and segmented parallel prefix sum. Whole implementation is done on EREW PRAM machine.
Object of mine work is to correct existing implementation done by P. Vodrazka and add there construction of stack dependency graph. All require changes are described in publication J. Brabec: Construction of optimal parallel LR(k) parser for a PRAM machine. Tests and verification of time optimality also takes parts in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis represents the result of many lost days and vigil-kept nights filled with unceasing studying of informations about the architecture of NES console and thinking over it. Firstly, it describes my motivation and briefly introduces the reader into the dilemma of emulation. Fundamental part of this thesis is presentation of gathered informations about NES console and the description of implementation of the emulator which models this system. At the close of this thesis, the methodology and the results of testing the emulator and the assessment of outcome of the thesis is written there.</td>]
[<td>The result of my work is the electronic form of the board game called Carcassonne which provides a game against the computer or against more players over the Internet, with automatically analysed rules. The aplication is implemented in programming language Java.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with a transformation of logical circuits given as a truth table into a 
multi-level logic network. It uses algebraic factorization with some portion of Boolean algebra. The result is analyzed in term of quality (total gates count, number of levels) and compared to decomposition done by MVSIS aplication. The PLA format is used as the input format and VHDL as the output format.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the realization of a gaming system built on the Spring framework, communication technology AJAX and object-relational mapping by Hibernate technology. It consists of analysis, design and implementation of the system and 2 games included in the system. Part of the work is also about design and execution of the tests.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This document analyses the needs of local area network users in the small company for system to manage operative business data. Then the area of user interface design and usability is elaborated and results applied on the new system design. As one of the results comes the first implemented module that is using universal core for managing the table record data type and also allowing users to trace and revert data changes. The user interface is multilingual.</td>]
[<td>The work is about questions of the ecology and ecological requierements in the information technology. It includes requierements for computer producers on the unified European market and requierements for apply and of use of the Flower label and of the Czech label. It also describe design, optimalization and use the modern information systems. The last part is about ecological trends of information technologies and using ecolabeled computers in the public and private administration.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is aimed at creation a heavy research on cartographic
servers and their usage in visualization. This diploma paper
offers a deep insight into technologies used for realization GIS
projects. Apart from covering main principles theoretically I also
offer a demonstration of practical usage - „Skolni mapovy server“
application. It depicts students geographical distribution across
Czech Republic. I have opted for open source technologies. I use
PostgreSQL, UMN Mapserver, PHP and Apache as web server. Any web
browser can be used on client side.</td>]
[<td>Key terms: hobby’s/opinion group, club’s communication, presentation on the
Internet, design of software resolution
This work is dealing with possibilities of different kinds of hobby’s or opinion
groups, which are not able to create their own website for communication with each
other or with other people. In theoretical part I’m analyzing existing systems, which
are offered by internet. After wards I designate request new created system.
Practical part is dedicated to implementation of the system. I’m focusing on
untypical data’s structure, where I’m using connection of database and information
from XML file. I’m also writing about structure of directory, because the separate
space is required for each club. Final part is dedicated to whole system and its
serviceability.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The work represents solution for exporting user interface over computer network. Programs written in Java and Swing Library are supported.  Analysis of available technologie as well as analysis of Java imaging system are included. The work also deal with autorization and authen-
tization within aplication written in Java. API JAAS which is devoted to solve authorization and authentization problems whitin Java framework is described. Results of this work should be a part of builded secure actuating workplace for dispatcher.
</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with conversion of digital circuit into a graph.
There is a use of an algorithm from theoretical informatics to solve the problem.
The result is a bipartite graph model of the digital circuit. It is achieved by dividing the sequential circuit into several combinatory parts and flip-flop circuits.
     
The thesis contains a description of a presentation proposal for saving into disc file which is then implemented.
ISCAS89 is used as a format representing the input digital circuit.
The output is a netlist in the ISCAS89 format describing the combinatory parts and also the entry realising the combinatory function in the programming languages C and Pascal.
     
The Bachelor\\\'s thesis has arisen from terms of the project \\</td>]
[<td>In this thesis is a new neural network called THSOM described and its functionality tested using the SiMoNNe simulator. Two scripts were written during the work. One for random generating of input data for thorough experiments and second for better checking on results of temporal learning. These scripts were used to find out suitable settings of temporal learning parameters and for testing of other applications of the THSOM network. In the end some bugs of the SiMoNNe simulator were discussed and corrected.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this bachelor’s work is to create a web application, which would monitor running of a server in a real time without a necessity of refreshing the website and with a minimum amount of transferred data.</td>]
[<td>This essay analyses and implements the specific business system, destined to invoicing and labour force leasing. The solution has been chosen with respect to predict setting characterists. It has been dealt with an entire realization of application, from the analysis to the implementation. At last I want to evaluate the testing results and the enlargement possibilities.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is focused on discussing of several appraches to the relational database application development useng a free software. It also contains a demo application.</td>]
[<td>This project is aimed to describe MS Windows operating system support for parallel execution. It is also tries to ease its understanding with help of application Výukový systém – procesy a vlákna v MS Windows implemented during this project. Application’s task is to visualize systems behaviour in means of parallel execution in predefined and user-defined situations.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s project describes design of the development module with the microcontroller ATmega128L. Product of this project is the operative sample of evaluation board.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to create a SyncML protocol client application core. The protocol itself is very perspective because of its robustness and maturity. Although many client applications already exist, almost each of them suffers with one of two limitations. Either the application is dedicated to a small set of devices or its code is not open-source.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with designing and development of a new universal control unit for regulation systems, such as systems for controlling the economical heating of buildings. In the first part, there are selected basic components, which will be used, and the possible features of the device. The second part deals with connection and board layout design. The last part is development of a basic software for the device.

The aim of this work is not to create the exact control or regulation system. It is the creation of a hardware and software base, which will be extended with the particular program upon specifying the requirements for the final application.</td>]
[<td>The focus of this work has been described creation of trancscriptor, which transform source code from one programming language to another by using inner form. 
The first part of work is involved of general introduce and evolution of programming languages since second 
part of 20th century to present. 
The second part of work is directed to describe proposing of compiler or trancsriptor, to his modular structure and implementation. 
The last part, third one, analyses base problems of implementation transcriptor J2P and involves testing units. 
</td>]
[<td>This master thesis discusses Ajax technology and technologies used by Ajax such as XMLHttpRequest, JavaScript and DOM. It explains the main principles and refers to possible developmental difficulties and issues. The new possibilities of Ajax are demonstrated through an implemented application and their pros and cons are evaluated within the thesis. The implemented application, a web site for photo sharing, will be, after the extension by some new features, offered to public use.</td>]
[<td>This work provides a brief summary of basic software-testing techniques (including description of each phase). Knowledges about testing classic (procedural) programs are extended by specific trends in object-oriented application testing. Then the work aims at specific problems of testing web applications (mainly client-server type). According to gained experience, a methodology for testing applications of this type is brought up with emphasis on function, security and quality of user interface. Concurrently the possibility of function-diagnostic during the software development is inspected. This methodology is finally concretised for ArDiDo (Digital Document Archive) application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement a plug-in that will extend the modelling program Maya with a possibility of modelling through Bézier curves and surfaces. This plug-in should contain tools for converting these curves and surfaces to NURBS and back. The reason of this extension is a creation of tools for modelling with parametrical curves and surfaces that are simpler then standard Maya\\\'s tools for NURBS.

The following text describes problems related to a creation of such a plug-in. Basic principles of Maya and its application programming interface are also explained, because it is not possible to do the design without this knowledge. Convert algorithms are also described. These algorithms are the most important part of tools for a conversion between mentioned types of curves and surfaces. It is necessary to explain the relation between Bézier curves or surfaces and NURBS for the realization of the convert tools. There are discussed two possible solutions in the text, especially new data
structures representation. The chosen implementation is subsequently described in detail and final tools are compared with Maya\\\'s tools for NURBS. Additional possibilities of a development of this work are listed in the final part.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis describes analysis, design and implementation of a middleware for internet access to a legacy database using web interface. The security policy requires to translate the IP address of the database server by NAT and simultaneously forbids the port tunnelling. The programming language Java and its RMI framework has been choosen as the platform for implementation. This project also contains measurements of the performance overhead caused by the indirect communication between web and database servers.</td>]
[<td>Single Units are electrical phenomena recorded in the vicinity of excitable cells (biological neurons) or inside them. Evaluation of single units waveform is burdened with enormously time-consuming labour. In this work an algorithm of their semi-interactive tracking, sorting and comparing of entire recordings among each other was created and implemented. Tracking of single units is conducted using characteristic features (amplitude, steepness of amplitude increase, asymmetry of 	elements) of points of the record. These can be adjusted to relevant needs. Selected points are further compared and sorted on a modified artificial neuronal network (K-means, network without teacher) with repeated possibility of selection of desired subpopulation. In the next step, we compare and sort compare and sort individual entire recordings among each other according to incidence of selected elements, their frequency median, amplitude and frequency histogram. The program implements neither sole proceeding stated above but also a table output facilitating further computations (e.g. statistics) of outputs of particular sections of the program.</td>]
[<td>The analysis of biomedical data is quite young and rapidly developing discipline at present. Problems of processing such specific data provokes us to develop new effective methods, whereto this work should contribute. It inquires into the implementation and evaluation of results of the modified algorithm CN2. The newly added aspect to this algorithm is consideration of usage of the knowledge extracted from annotations of attributes, in our case genes. Various approaches of usage of this knowledge in the building process of classification rules are analysed and interpreted.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to test and describe software library CAVELib and to provide instructions for
using it. There are also several tutorials in this work, provided for easier understandability of
library calls and easier start for other students.</td>]
[<td>Abstract
The application for collection digital signatures. It involves publishing and administration of
key pairs and X.509 certificates, signing of documents, administration of documents and
administration of accepted digital signatures.</td>]
[<td>The work presents implementation of parallel algorithm of quicksort
type based on segmented scan.  Own implementation of algorithm is
written for computer cluster with distributed memory and Myrinet
interconnection network. First the problem of multiprocessing is
adumbrated, necessary segmental operations for implementation of
algorithm are defined and the analysis of time and memory
requirements is made. Its scaling and memory claims are evaluated by
testing of written algorithm. The evaluation of measured results
to expected values rounds up the results of the work and  offers the
area for possible optimization of algorithm implementation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement a tool for manipulation with logical functions, that would allow performing operations such as modifications to varius forms (negation, DNF, CNF, ...), operations between particular functions (AND, OR, NOT, ...), minimalization of these functions and SAT solving. The primary aim is to perform operations as fast as possible even for large input data, which is achieved by minimalization during the computation. There are two types of formats that can be used for input. First of them is the PLA format and the other one is a format coming out of syntax of the VHDL language. Formats used for output are the same as those mentioned above and in addition also the BLIF format.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis attempts to design and implement application for procedural database objects development. Main goal is graphical client application, which provides means to show information stored in system catalog and to create and develop new objects. Used programming language is Java, procedural language is Oracle PL/SQL. First part of this document describes existing applications and their functionalities and proposes their functional subset. Second part describes implementation of the target application.</td>]
[<td>My diploma thesis deals with unsolicited electronic mail and its filtering possibilities. The thesis acquaints with protocols used to transfer and handle electronic mail which are necessary for the understanding of basic principles and revealing of weaknesses.
Subsequently it outlines the origin of unsolicited messages and their variants. Emphasis of this work is on the analysis of methods for counteracting spam with suggestions and implementation for improvements.</td>]
[<td>This diploma work deals with an electronic measuring system for measurement in a branch of analytic chemistry. Type of the titration as well as the volumetric analysis that the device performs is targeted to the absolute determination of the content of chemical substance in solutions. A global concept of the device, the selection of parts with respect to quality/price ratio, the realization of the compact printed circuit board, and the communication with the host computer are discussed. The device is powered via USB interface. The proposed solution also contains both firmware of the microcontroller and the application running on host PC. Small dimensions allow portability of the device.
</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on needs analysis of electronic storage and data processing in small firm and on proposal and partial information system core realisation.</td>]
[<td>The work represents summary information about main audio/video formats which are supported in mobile phones and summary of the most used libraries with open sources for the work with these formats.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the issue of developing static web pages by means of writing (X)HTML code in dedicated text editors. It documents a number of available freeware editors and describes their features. The purpose is to define a set of basic features of a text editor with the ultimate objective of trying to implement a new editor with emphasis on intuitive use.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with a design and an implementation of a system for the Linux OS which enables ordinary programs to transparently access files in archives. The application programs open the archive as a directory by appending a special character to its name. The implemented system is split into two parts: (1) Linux kernel modifications (VFS redirector) and (2) a VFS server in the user space.</td>]
[<td>A pivot table is a tool that is able to quickly and digestedly display a big amount of data. In comparison to a flat table the pivot table offers hiearchical view of data and the ability to perform various operations on data.
	This work, after explaining the basic functions of the pivot table in Microsoft Excel, focuses on a possibility to display a pivot table in a web enviroment. First it describes the examples of systems and their architectures that are capable of displaying a pivot table as Web pages. Then it describes an analysis and an implementation of the concrete system for displaying pivot tables. The result is the web system that displays data from a database in a pivot-table format in a web enviroment. The system uses Java for implementation.</td>]
[<td>The work presents the implementation of a personal scheduler combined with a simple contacts manager. Events created by the user are being transmitted to Google Calendar via Calendar API and saved locally as well. Tasks and contacts are saved only locally, since they are not supported by any API as of yet.</td>]
[<td>Tato práce se zabývá vytvoøením nového informaèního systému pro hru
d20.
Práce zahrnují pøebudování celého stávajícího webu, jeho roz¹íøení o
nové mo¾nosti a zlep¹ení komfortu pro na¹e stávající a budoucí u¾ivatele.</td>]
[<td>This Master Thesis analyzes flaws of common graphical user interfaces (GUI) in complex graphical information environment on mobile devices. Further it describes design, implementation and tests the alternative ways of graphical interaction in mobile environment.</td>]
[<td>In my thesis I was concerned about creating information system for the internet service and telephone network providers. Following the analysis of the current scheme I designed a new one, which provides the evidence of customers, the evidence of their accounts, all possible defects and also the evidence of the actual internet users. It automatically charges all phonecalls and creates summary statistics. It\\\'s more efficient and furthermore much easier to apply.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of database of music family trees. The application mainly function to data administration and generating the music family trees and it is distribuated like a web service. The application is based on XML technology, incl. JAXB technology, and Java programming language.</td>]
[<td>Topic of my thesis is analysis and implementation information system regarding to outsourcing IT services. Theoretical part is focusing on benefits outsourcing IT services and intergration to internal process of companies. Analytical part was developed by comparision of two products. Practical part was focused on design, implemantation and testing of my information systém.    The conlusion of thesis is focused on summary and chances of  next development.</td>]
[<td>The work concerns the subject of design and implementation of the Transaction Manager
into the CellStore project. It analyses known methods of locking in relational databases and
especially it is describing new methods of locking in native XML databases. Last but not least
it emphasizes the methodology of testing and object design of the Transaction Manager.</td>]
[<td>Diplomová práce se zabývá problémem administrací webových stránek na serveru service.felk.cvut.cz.
Hlavním cílem této práce bylo vytvoøit nástroj pro administraci v¹ech pøedmìtù a jejich stránek.
Celou práci lze rozdìlit na nìkolik èástí. První èást se zabývá obecnou definicí vlastního zadání s nástinem po¾adavkù na systém výbìru vhodné metodiky pro analýzu a návrh. V dal¹í èásti je provedena podrobná analýza a èást návrhu aplikace. Následuje èást, kde se vìnuji vlastní implementaci a pou¾itým implementaèním nástrojùm. Na konci práce se zamìøuji na testování, výsledky testování a jejich pøínos. Závìrem hodnotím dosa¾ené výsledky</td>]
[<td>Suggestion and realization of graphic output of schematic editor. This work includes export into PostScript language, SVG and also graphic output on screen.</td>]
[<td>Goals of this work is explore possibilities of exporting
visualizations to open standard formats. Implement visualizations
plugins for neural network simulator SiMoNNe. Two-dimensions
visualizations was implemented using Batik and JFreeChart projects.
For three-dimension visualizations was designed new solution based
on Java 3D an Xj3D.</td>]
[<td>Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) or bone marrow transplantation is a medical procedure in the field of hematology and oncology that involves transplantation of hematopoietic stem cells (HSC). It is most often performed for people with diseases of the blood or bone marrow, or certain types of cancer (e.g. leukemia). In the most cases of so called allogeneic HSCT, patients don’t find suitable donor in their family, so physicians must search unrelated donors in registries of stem cells donors. 
This work is the first one that creates a system of existing unrelated donor search algorithms. It presents system of three types and four generations of algorithms. 
The core of the work is design of a new unrelated donor search algorithm. It uses DNA typing of an individual, does not need the serology typing results, can be very well parameterized, has native support for multiple patient search and is fast enough for smaller registries (up to 100.000 donors). </td>]
[<td>Main goal of this diploma thesis is to explore possibilities of mutliagent systems as a new paradigma for software development with focus on implementation of new technologies in the field of medicine. This work is divided into three basic parts. First part describes theories of multiagent systems such as multiagent system definition, agent definition, agent types, types of coordination, cooperation and communication in mutliagent systems, standardizations in multiagent systems and the last piece of theory describe multiagent framework JADE. Second part is short overview on real multiagent applications in medical sector. Last part describes my implementation of multiagent system which focus to the management of medical documentation in a hospital\\\'s department. In this part there are descriptions of all parts of system, all types of agents used in system and also there are descriptions of internal structures of all agents. </td>]
[<td>This project is focusing in implementation of the basic hardware for data collecting device. It’s principle is in converting analog input data to digital form and their transfer to PC. Converted data can be saved on the integrated memory card too.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to design and implement an application for creating easy animations from static VRML/X3D scenes. The application should be able to read static 3D model written in VRML/X3D file format and present them to the user. Then enables the user to select part or group of parts of the model and to set the new key position for it (translation, rotation, scale can be used). The list of key positions with appropriate timing information will comprise the animation. The application should be able to interpret the animation and to store it to the output file – with the model – and to read it for editing again.</td>]
[<td>This work describes design and implementation of an alternative XML document editor. Program uses an original and for this purpose designed technology of source text processing. It is based on parser and facility for indexing the document which makes it possible to process local changes of text quickly. Program is implemented in the Java programming language so that it can be used on a number of operating systems.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the result of virtual networks analysis. The result of analysis provide the core for base of Nagios´s plugin. The function of Nagios´s plugin is inspired by IBM Tivoli Switch Analyzer and HP OpenView.
</td>]
[<td>The work contains summary information about file formats for document preparation systems and compares possibilities of the applications and the wiki systems to create technical documentation considering user cooperation, version controlling and document revision.
</td>]
[<td>This work contains characterization and architecture of actual grafic card as well as method usage in solving specific project. This project purpose was count and display lay of temperature in solid shape of cube. I consider also advisability using grafic processor for this project.</td>]
[<td>Diploma thesis deals with realisation of the complete development enviroment for EDOP processor. Work includes analysis, design, implementation and simulation of processor core (KP136001), interrupt controller circuit (KP136002) and elementary peripheral devices. It describes EDOP\\\'s bus interface and interrupt extensions of C code compiler.</td>]
[<td>This work describes existing solutions in the network simulators area. A few simulators has been chosen for needs of teaching subjects dealing with computer networks. These simulators are deeply analyzed. The purpose of the tests is to find a suitable simulator, focusing on the price and features they provide for education of students. Solution labs are created by the selected simulator, that will help students practically exercise acquired skills.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The work represents possibilities of implementation of complex devices in field-programable
gate array (FPGA).</td>]
[<td>This paper describes ways used to program an instruction-level emulator of an x86 processor. There are results of comparions with other x86 emulators, too.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with implementation of a video camera controller on the development platform Xilinx ML401. This project is divided into two main parts. The first part deals with connecting USB peripherals to the development platform ML401. This part starts with a short description of the development board ML401, it describes the USB controller Cypress CY7C67300 and among others it shows the designing of a control system, which is implemented in FPGA and which allows to communicate with a USB controller. This system is designed by means of Xilinx EDK software. The second part deals with a video camera controller.</td>]
[<td>The work presents problems data storage with application virtual addressing. It shows how proceeds the translation the virtual adresses onto the physical addresses. The work describes five basic methods translation virtual address namely with use simple paging, with multilevel table pages, with inverted page table, with translation lookaside buffer (TLB) and with segmentation. The result whole studies problems is programme Java applet that the shows and explains, how virtual memory functions.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is to build up a model of crossroad by using Petri net.
The softwares HPSIM, CPN Tools and JARP were used for building, simulating and analyzing the model. The program JARP was used to extract the file of format PNML so we could later process hardware implementation.
</td>]
[<td>This paper deals with concept and pilot system implementation for creating task sets a tests designed for educational support of Software Engineering
It places emphasis on simple and transparent task creation and its paste into tests.
The main part of the programme is: creation and management of tasks and tests and export of task and test collections to proper format.
</td>]
[<td>Need of multidimensional searching has arise yet in the early times of information technologies. Most common dimension has been two-dimensional searching, which includes using from searching in the pictures to searching in the DNA strings. This work implementates souch algorithm working in addition on average case in the sub-linear time complexity.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with proposal and implementation of the compression algorithm for XML (eXtensible Markup Language) documents. The algorithm supports direct querying over compressed document (only necessary parts are decompressed). Furthermore, this work describes XML, XPath (XML Path Language) and existing compression of XML documents.</td>]
[<td>The work represents an implementation of information system for technical support department in Microsoft Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 environment. Main goal of the work is to create easily extensible web portal for support departement which would provide all necessary informations for IT employees in one place within respectation of todays trends in IT management. 
The work demostrates ways how is it possible to implement data model and application and business process logic using new technology Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 based on ASP .NET and Windows Workflow Foundation.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to prove the capabilities of GPRS technology utilization in realizing data capture from a telemetric application. The device, for which the data capture is implemented within this work, is a GPS collar for wildlife animals, controlled by microcomupter with AVR architecture. The work presents a process, in which the GPRS intergration request is being turned into working results, usable in the design of an existing device.</td>]
[<td>This work aims to develop a server side application for storage and 
management of documents, usable and accessible from various operating 
systems and using various technologies with aim on office documents 
storing. The result is  a document repository which can hold a history of changed documents allows to access them using a web browser or 
WebDAV protocol.</td>]
[<td>Main objective of this work is to design a generator of faster LR parsers, design and implementation its particular parts, universal interfaces between them. The thesis deals with input grammar processing, generating SLR, LALR and LR(k) characteristic automatons and especially the first  part of the optimalization – precomputing reductions. The work places emphasis  on a modularity of a whole system and possibility to attach other parts of the whole project. My work is based on article Janou¹ek, Brabec: Faster LR Parsing Based on Standard LR Items and is implemented in C# language.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with operating symtems for processor oriented embedded systems. It concentrates on systems based on FPGAs with a soft core processor - MicroBlaze in our case. Such systems were originally interesting only for their versatility, but today\\\'s FPGA devices are powerful enough for building SoC systems that can run full-featured operating systems. I discuss here how to design such systems. On a theoretical level, I identify which components (HW and SW) are fundamental for bringing up an operating system an embedded platform. A special attention is paid to a bootloader component, which plays an important role in development of modern embedded systems. These theoretical aspects are then presented on few practical studies. I mainly focus on uClinux and U-BOOT as these recently attract great interest among a developer community. As my greatest achievement in this work, I extended U-BOOT for new essential functions and used it together with uClinux to develop two complete embedded systems. From the gathered experience, I prepared this thesis as a guide to help others rapidly develop final applications of the same extent as I presented here.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work was to implement the K-means clustering algorithm as a program library for the Cell B/E microprocessor, written in the C programming language. The main effort was made to parallelize the algorithm, because this processor supports multiple levels of parallelization (SIMD instructions and more computational
cores, able to work in parallel). The implementation can use this parallelism, that means that it can partition a given task and perform the algorithm on multiple cores at the same time, and thus reduce total time needed for the operation.

From a programmer\\\'s point of view, running the task on one or more processor cores makes a big difference. The implementation in the form of a program library hides this difference to the programmer, who is using it, by its unified interface.
</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with issue of contact smartcards. The thesis is focused on utilization of smartcard\\\'s cryptographic possibilities. First, the thesis compares dierent types of smartcards. Next, the thesis analyses concept of operation with contact smartcards. The goal is a fully functional demo application that shows cryptographic possibilities of ACOS5 contact smartcards. The application should be used to grasp encryption basics and contact smartcard control.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with a design and implementation of programming language for learning based on the Karel language. It adds an ability of aritmetical and logical computations and parallel work of several virtual robots. New language empowers education of parallel programming principles and introduces synchronisation problems by game. The work covers the implementation of language translater, interpreter and basic input / output subsystem. It focuses in capability of easy language customization and modular solution of visualization part.</td>]
[<td>The viewer is made for ©koda Mladá Boleslav development department. Its purpose is displaying large-scale industrial models (millions of triangles). Models are saved in FHS file format, which was invented in Fraunhofer Institute. This proprietary format isn’t open anymore, now is used exclusively by Wolkswagen Holding for presentation in development of new cars and car parts. Presentations could include complementary data about variants and viewpoints.

  The thesis goal is to create viewer with user friendly and simple controls, which will display presentation and enable basic clipping and measurement modes. Switching between model variants and viewpoints is vital. Loading and displaing of models should be fast enough, comfortable for daily usage by executive staff equipped by common workstations or laptop computers.</td>]
[<td>The work describes the development of software aplication, which represents the simulator of the Solar system. The program is able to simulate and visualizate the movements of space objects - planets, moons and small bodies (the comets and asteroids). The positions of objects are calculated by three different types of algorithms, which are also described in this work.</td>]
[<td>The task of the work is to study problems of metadata and metainformation systems, in
addition with specific focus on geographic information systems. These theoretic issues have
been the bases for the design and implementation of a new metainformation system for
administration and control of metadata about geographic data. It is a desktop application
based on client/server architecture. A lot of consideration is devoted to basic legislative and
generally respected standards of metadata schemata in this work. Particularly, the international
standard ISO 19115 for geographic metadata is described and explained in more detail
because the designed system meets this standard.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this Thesis was to explore and propose possible solution to implement SNMP protocol extension for open-source discrete simulation system OMNeT++ and INET framework. Sequentially we are acquinted with SNMP protocol operations and conception of OMNeT++
and INET framework simulation data model. Description of tools and analysis of source code and manual pages is demonstrated here on examples. At the end of the Thesis the implementation design and discussion of created modules and components is presented here. Implementation is realized in C++ programming language.
</td>]
[<td>This work represents the result of many and many days and nights of thinking over the problem of realization of an advanced editor of graphs and the realization at itself. </td>]
[<td>Topic of this diploma thesis is design of decision support system based on Microsoft SQL Server 2005. Thesis contains theoretical study of decision support systems domain, short description of the new features of SQL Server 2005 focused especially on business intelligence domain and also illustration of architecture and the chosen system part implementation from import and data processing to analytical outputs.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a transformation of a multi-level logic network into a two-level logic network, which means the computation of a circuit’s truth table. It uses structures called BDD (Binary Decision Diagrams). The usage of BDDs is closely analyzed and evaluated in terms of the variable ordering and the number of generated terms. The method is compared with the logic synthesis system called MVSIS. The work also includes a brand new algorithm for minimization of logic functions that is also closely analyzed and compared with the system for logic minimization called ESPRESSO. The bench format is used as the input format and the PLA format is used as the output format.
</td>]
[<td>The work deals with capabilities of the simulating system SIMCP and its usage for simulation of
access method CSMA/CD.</td>]
[<td>Presented work discuss the differences between relational query languages. First part describes the history of database management systeme and the development of database systems to this day. Second part of the work mainly draws a comparison between individual query languages and afterwards it mentions the most distinguished personality in the history of the field, E. F. Codd, and his 12 rules describing the relational database model.</td>]
[<td>This study creates an effective routing system in hypercubes with random faulty
communication links. This whole system analysis, design and implementation are
involved in the study. The result shows the dependencies experimental evaluation of the
path existence and various parameters of a hypercube. I specified these parameters to be
a hypercube dimension, a fault occurrence probability and a path existence between
opposite vertices probability with chosen communication algorithm. Phase transitions
can be observed in hypercube networks. For this reason I included critical value of
probability evaluation to this study.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with LAN monitoring. It describes technologies which are currently used for monitoring traffic in LANs. 
The main part of the thesis focuses on a design of a modular distributed system for monitoring and analyzing traffic in Local Area Networks. The emphasis is put on the intelligence of the system. The system is able to deal with suspicious network activities (faults, errors, security attacks tec.) by displaying appropriate warning message.
The system provides discovering new devices, automatic configuration, an intelligent filtration, aggregation and statistical evaluating system of network traffic.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents design and implementation of device with single chip computer, that stores data received via serial port. The device stores data on MMC memory card. Basic FAT16 file system was implemented, data are accessible as normal file after insertion of memory card to standard card reader.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the result of many days and nights of studying the problem of automatic unusable objects destroying in programming languages.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this work is implementation of a library for conversion between different types of file formats. For this purpose it has been considered necessary to create interface general enough for providing good extensibility for another file formats. This work contains a brief analysis of 3D scenes and their storage in files, description of the library\\\'s realization and discussion of problems which appeared during implementation.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this thesis is an implementation of web application for creating, maintenance and publishing of investment intents and public orders of a city hall. System supports public users and administrator of a system. Created application is intended to be run on application server and uses a background relation database. Documentation contains a complete analysis documented by method of software engineering.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is engaged in problematics of drawing parse trees of context free grammars. It can serve as study material for students which are dealing with this problematics. Nowadays have most of school subjects theirs own web pages and that is why is this thesis designed for web interface to be easily executed. The result of this thesis it’s going to be a web application making possible scheme of parse trees in bitmap and vector format.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project was to design and implement an editor of tabular and similar
environments in LaTeX. This editor should be able to load and save tables to files
without corrupting them, run on various operating systems and work as a plugin in
NetBeans IDE.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to describe a development of an internet JAVA application. The thesis consists of two parts. The first one is a background research. The second one is an implementation. At the beginning a reader familiarizes especially with technologies Spring Framework and Hibernate. The implementation of a concrete application is based on these technologies. A conclusion contains a valuation of their interconnection and an experience from the development.</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to analyze the structure of digital TV broadcasting system extended by interactive applications, and possible ways how such system can be realized. For the purpose of the ELU project a SW based broadcasting system is designed in this work. The analysis focuses also on a special platform dedicated to interactive applications in the digital television environment. Simple application based on this platform is implemented here.</td>]
[<td>This research deals with implementation of suitable audio compression algorithm for wireless microphone solution based on Bluetooth technology. Reason of audio compression requirement for this audio system is technological limitation of transfer capacity. This
research investigates modern audio compression algorithms used in wireless audio systems, compares their quality by reasons of selecting low complexity audio compression suitable for wireless microphone solution.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor work was to write a program, that would be able to visualize algorithm of dynamic scheduling of instructions ( processing instructios out-of-program order ) in a RISC processor. As a model a WinDLX simulator program was used. There was a claim for the program to be able to load, at least in a limited way, assembler files from WinDLX program and to inherit similar configuration of user interface.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is concerned with design and implementation of a universal accumulator charger. In the first part, there is a summary of commonly used accumulators and their charging methods. This part is followed by the description of a concept of the device. The charger consists of a charging power supply, measure circuits, a control unit and a user interface. The charging power supply is realized by a transformer, followed by the buck converter. The device is controlled by a microcontroller ATMEL AT89C51ED2 utilizing information measured by the unit AD7705. Output voltage of the power supply is biased by DA converter AD5666. Interaction with the user is mediated by an LCD display and a keyboard. Several charging methods and methods for charging termination were implemented. Problems which appeared
during realization process were properly analyzed and solved. Finally,
there is a description of a testing process together with suggestions how to improve the charger. Substantial parts of the charger design and implementation are supplemented by figures and schemes.</td>]
[<td>The work brings a new application called TangramBase providing a full-featured environment for working with polygonal puzzles (dissection puzzles with polygonal pieces). By default Tangram, Pentomino and Stomachion puzzles are supported; new puzzle definitions can easily be added by expert users.
User can browse, describe, search, sort and compare figures stored in database files, comfortably create and add his own figures or solve existing ones. The application cooperates with an adopted Pentomino Solver and provides its own Universal Solver that finds all possible solutions of a given outline of any supported puzzle. Solutions from both solvers are optionally automatically added to a database.</td>]
[<td>This diploma work deals with methods of generation and visualisation of natural scenes. It describes methods used in computer graphics for generation of individual natural scene components, such as height maps, sky, water areas and trees. Next, possible methods for real-time visualisation of the generated objects in the scene are mentioned. The outcome of this diploma work lies in an application enabling both generation of natural scenes and their real-time browsing. During the development of this application, stress was put on an easy extensibility of the scene by new objects and the use of instruments of modern graphic cards.</td>]
[<td>Subject of this work is develop and produce elektronical machine, that is specified to counting cars. This machine will be realized like portable box.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with a computation of a distance of word pairs and their mutual relationship in the semantic web of specialized computer dictionary WordNet. The purpose is to design and implement a library in Java language with interface which provides these information about word pairs. There is a simple console application available that demonstrates basic ways how to use the library. An application with graphical interface is also available providing visualization of the results.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes analysis, design and implementation of an experimental adaptive web server. This server communicates with a Learning Management System (LMS) by HACP protocol. In this text the application is called SACPS (Simple Adaptive Content Presentation Server), the adaptive courses player.
</td>]
[<td>This work aims to develop a slideshow converter intended to store presentations for a long time as a sequence of static pictures. The goal is not only to store a look of individual pages of the presentation, but to represent basic animation steps. For this process was used OpenOffice.org office suite and its application programming interface.
The result is a library and a console application capable of conversion and besides it is able to export also sequence of static pictures as a PDF file.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to implement a tool that will record vehicle position using the GPS technology for the PocketPC platform. The application will support user groups with different access rights. Data will be saved in the XML format.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to document the progress of projecting and
implementing new functions for existing production support system. This thesis describes the whole progress from analysis to user interface implementation and testing. There is also included some alternative developer tools description. Finally, it includes User\\\'s guide and complete source code on CD.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis discusses Microsoft Visual Studio add-in module creation. A sample, step by step created add-in demonstrates the essentials of COM programming and extends the development environment with a new functionality. The resulting DLL library extends Microsoft Visual Studio by adding an option to convert source code from C/C++ language to the assembly language, which is consequently displayed. The add-in  is easily accessible via a \\\\uv{Disassemble} command shown in the contextual menu of any C or CPP file in the Solution Explorer window.</td>]
[<td>The increasing demands for general energy saving related to the maximal degree of possible comfort have been reflected in the way of wiring construction. The classic switch was used to put a fixed light on; however, today it is possible to assign many more functions to the switch. To interconnect the system and to define all needed functions the configuration software is available. 
This bachelor’s thesis deals with the processing of the information obtained from the configuration program and the consequent implementation of the data into the control unit. The unit, if an intelligent wiring is concerned, manages the overall system run. The result of the thesis is a fully functioning piece of software for the control unit which provides the control of all units connected to the intelligent house system.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was design and test user interface for indoor navigation for visually impaired. The visually impaired user is interacting with mobile device where the navigation system is present. The user interface is based on voice communication (at least in the direction from mobile device to the user). The elements for orientation of visually impaired user and the way, how to present them to user, were specified and tested in the means of usability testing. A special focus was paid on psychological point of view like confusion of user in case of not suitable information or congestion in case of too much information.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design and possible realizations of an internet shop including the concept for a specific implementation.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis analyses the stereoscopic methods for using in diagnostics of electronic components and device, it also describes appropriate procedures and instructions how to get, process and reproduce the stereo-pictures.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the project and realization of pH metre´s hardware and software which enables the measurement of pH with the vitreous electrode. In addition to this it has another great qualities - high resolution and capability to communicate with PC by USB interface.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the issue of Japanese puzzle game kakuro. At the beginning of the thesis a brief overview of common Japanese puzzle games with a view to Kakuro is made. The main part of thesis is focused on analysis and implementation of generator of new puzzles and implementation of graphical user interface for playing kakuro puzzles. The product of the thesis is a fully functional kakuro puzzle game which uses a kakuro puzzle generator. The whole program is written in Java programming language and applet was selected as the form of application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis includes concept and implementation of client/server application, which shows images on the client side (web interface) at maximum possible resolution in dependence on 
client´s resolution settings.
Furthermore this thesis includes implementation of  its fragments, which are automatic 
image buffering, preprocessing image to particural output format and last but not least 
implemetation of simple web photogallery for testing and presentation purposes.
                           Server side provides preprocessed images on demand and client side shows a given one in full resolution. 
</td>]
[<td>The project deal with proposal and implementation of web application based on Web 2.0 principles. Application serves to fast prototyping of multi-modal applications with  voice interface (RApid Multimodal Application DEvelopment Tool, RAMADET). The fundamental structure of the application is formed by lectures and quizes.  The lecture is quided by voice synthesis and the knowledge quiz utilizes speech recognition. The markup language XHTML + Voice is used for the implementation of voice interface. Final web application is placed at http://ramadet.com.</td>]
[<td>The work is dealing with production library, which will make basic archival and comparison source file on lexical level. The goal is to implement libraries functions and work out their documentations. During the production emphasis will be laid on safety.</td>]
[<td>In this work I present an analytical model for single scattering in participating media. This model is suitable for spotlights with piece-wise constant intensity dependence on angle. I start from an existing method, which is working for point lights, and extend it so that it works with spotlights. The transport equation have several analytic terms and few 2D table lookups. I implemented the final algorithm as a fragment shader in programmable graphics processing unit (GPU) and stored the tables as 2D textures. I achieve real-time framerate. The algorithm is linearly dependent on the number of spotlights and also on the resolution of the image. The implementation as a shader makes it possible to use my algorithm in current interactive applications without major modification of the rendering engine architecture. </td>]
[<td>This thesis presents conversion of source codes written in Pascal language into the C programming language. Especially, it puts brain to conversion of basic concepts of objectoriented programming into the C language. Another goal is to convert the Turbo Vision library into the C for the purpose of usage in UNIX.
A part of the thesis is also attended to conversion of assembler instructions into the C language.</td>]
[<td>The GAME method automatically generates models of variously complex systems. Models built by this method are often multidimensional, just as the data, which are used in training these systems. The problem is to find out, wheather the output of model aproximates the training data correctly.  
The aim of this work is to get better insight into a multidimensional behaviour of models, by means of 3D graphics. As the multidimensional space is too extensive, we applied genetic algorithms to locate remarkable areas in this space automatically.   
</td>]
[<td>The work is a visualization tool designed to assist students in learning graph algorithms
- an important part of theoretical informatics. Programme shows stepping of each implemented
algorithm and also possibility of reverse stepping. The project can be also
used like a usefull graph editor.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes and implements realization WWW part of system automated ordering, submitting and controlling home works for students of 1st class with using PHP scripts and MySQL database.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with an object-oriented approach in data management of a geographical information system. The goal of this thesis is to find specifics of this approach against of organisation of data by thematic layers and relational tables. Furthermore, requirements are posed for an object-oriented database to be suitable to store the model of geographical information system. There are described some structures for organisation of large amount of geographical objects. In this thesis, there is also a description of development of an object-oriented prototype of geographical information system and it also deals with possibilities of its storage in object-oriented databases.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with simulation and visualization of viscous liquids. It describes theory, including base Navier-Stokes equations, but focus of this thesis lays in describing method of numerical solution of those equations by using SPH (Smoothed particle hydrodynamics) and in implementation of this method. By using SPH it is possible to simulate detailed small scale scenes at interactive framerates with usage of few thousands particles. Used visualization techniques allow not only displaying surface of liquid, but also visualize state variables of liquid model, which can be used to clarify model function.</td>]
[<td>The assignment of this thesis was originally dedicated to an implementation of at least two fluid simulation methods. However, during the work we found that modeling fluids is well solvable using the graphics processing units. Therefore, after an agreement with the supervisor, the aim of the thesis was directed to this topic.

Fluid dynamics simulation belongs to the extensive and frequently investigated area of computer graphics. This thesis is focusing on comparison of the individual methods and techniques for simulating fluids with emphasis on the performability in realtime. The issue of modeling liquids is gradually discussed in the chapters that analyze the aspects of building a computer model of natural phenomena.

The second part of this text is devoted to the programming on graphics cards and their resourcefulness for solving problems of the fluid simulation. The benefits and pitfalls of the natural parallelism of the graphics processors are demonstrated on an implementation of a concrete particle system based on Lagrangian domain discretization and Lennard-Jones potential function for computing the inter-particle interactions. At the end of this text we provide a performance comparison of the results of the traditional sequential implementation and two other realizations utilizing the parallelism of the graphics cards.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of the work is exploration of using current side channel for recognition
running instruction in microprocessor Intel 8051 and microprocessor AVR series.
Work describes current measurement, construction of measuring board for
microprocessor AVR series and describes experiment with recognition small patern of
instruction.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to create a generator of non-city scenery with a traffic infrastructure. This generator will produce various sceneries based on a configuration of input parameters. Output data will be usable in City Rider application. This application allows a passage through generated sceneries. The application and pregenerated data will be used for usability tests of a voice-driven equipment (it is intended for using it and driving
simultaneously). Next part of this work is modification of the City Rider application. The goal of these modifications is a more detailed monitoring and recording of a passage course. It should enable some changes of car driving conditions from an external application. It should enable to invoke some unanticipated events (for a driver) too.</td>]
[<td>This work addresses problem of computer classification and recognition of sleep EEG.
Classification is made by the desicion tree algorithm. This approach is implemented in Matlab. Final algorithms are applied on real EEG data.</td>]
[<td>    This bachelor thesis is considering potencial use of object-relational mapping frameworks in practice. It is meant to be a comparative thesis. The thesis is focused on comparing different solutions and approaches to the same problem. The goal is to identify specific features of these approaches and deduce generalized conclusions.
    This subject was published by company Profinit s.r.o. Its intention is to reveal advantages and limitations resulting from applying these frameworks on real-world projects.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is to describe several variants of TICALM (Temporal Information Categorizing and Learning Map) neural network. This promising network (in practical use and further research) is a successor of CALM network and offers very interesting possiblities in categorization of temporal varying series. Improvements of a simulation tool and visualization of a network is a significant part of the thesis. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis analyses the requirements, suggestion and it\\\'s own implementation of the Internal Information System of the Association of Czech Ski Schools (CSLS). The first part addresses to a description of recent state of evidence of ski schools and subjects in CSLS association and to a description of a procedure of work in case of modification of any registered subject’s data.
The second part focuses on creating a software package to ease work and making the filed dates more transparent.</td>]
[<td>This work presents a newly created open source application used for creating, editing and exporting guitar tabs. The application was implemented in Free Pascal for operating systém GNU/Linux, for user interface is used GLIB library and playing through ALSA sound system. Control is possible with keyboard and mouse.</td>]
[<td>This text is documentation for the project System for supports education on the 2nd step primary school. It will carry out You primary cogitations, analysis, proposal and it will introduce to you implemented system, it\\\'s functions, possibilities, benefits, disavantages.  You can use this system after installation of needed modules enclosed on CD.</td>]
[<td>The work includes analysis, design and description of KP136001 (EDOP) processor core, which offers support for functions important for computations in neural networks applications. Verification of processor functional blocks and final evaluation of implementation
and synthesis for selected FPGA chip (Xilinx Spartan-IIE) is next part of this diploma thesis. Design and synthesis was processed in application Xilinx ISE 7.1.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents development and implementation of a communication interface between FLASH and SRAM memories and the Digilent D2E-MEM-DIO2 board. The developed interface supports access to memories in systems with and without a processor. The interface enables data reading, writing and erasing in both memories and it is implemented in the FPGA field Spartan 2E, which is a part of the mentioned board.</td>]
[<td>This project deals with design and realization of PC side software that receives data through Bluetooth connection from codec and sends them to the sound card, designs posibilities of programming this software to behaves like another sound card, creates software for microprocessor dsPIC30F4013 that sends audio data to the UART circuit. The important factor affecting this assignment is relatively high quality of transferred sound in order to further processing. For achieving this quality of sound, in parallel bachelors work was created ADPCM comprimation. This project was created in cooperation
with IBM company in frame of student projects: IBM - CVUT Student
Research Projects.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis requirements and with the design of analysis-level classes of the information system for general practitioners. First part introduces current information systems and describes communication about provided medical care between practitioners and insurance companies. Second part deals with the creation of own analysis-level package, that describes general practitioners\\\' agenda.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with design and implementation of a realtime editor of attractive
threedimensional scenes. The editor is designed especially for common users, who want to create interactive presentations, virtual presentations of goods or virtual www advertisments. User can import models from files or internet, he can add various interactive
scenarios, visual effects, animations, 3D sounds, dynamics simulation. 
Objects appearance is given by materials, modern shader materials can be also used. The scene can be presented in standalone viewer, in internet browser or as a screensaver.</td>]
[<td>This work describes analysis and realization of software driven call-centre control based on specific requirements. Software control is provided by cooperating with CSTA libraries. These libraries provide program interface between PBX and an application at the .NET objects level. An analysis and description of realization are followed by explained telephony schema and complete application and necessary PBX setting. There are also discussed some alternative problem solutions and their drawbacks.

This document will provide a valuable information for those who search for improvement of effectivity of call-centre, search for already developed solutions and for those, who are planning implementation of their own CSTA application.

</td>]
[<td>Thanks to this bachelor thesis, a simple convertor in Java capable of extracting plain text from PDF documents with correct Czech diacritic marks has been developed. The final result is independent on software used for the PDF document creation process. The convertor has become a part of CTU Theses Repository System.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is conserned with potentialities of data visualization in geographic information systems, particularly rendering on screen - its quickness and fluidity. It analyses solving of this problem in open-source projects. Part of this thesis is implementation of fast rendering for prototype of geographic information system GeKon. It aims at problems conserned with rendering of large amount of objects typical for urban build-up areas. Futhermore It solves some problems conserned with utilisation of graphical accelerators.
</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is the implementation of those
functions of clearing center, which are realizable without need of permanent
Internet connection. At first these functions are gradually analyzed, afterwards
follows initial design and consequential requirements for creation of standalone
client application. Last parts describe the implementation by itself and tests
appliance.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a design and implementation of the On-line reservation system for a hairdressing parlour. The aim is to design and implement an application, which will make reservations more clear and at the same time will enable a customer to make a reservation for a visit without a necessity of communication with parlour´s crew. This work uses advantages of the Jakarta Struts framework and in some parts the user interaction efficiency is increased by usage of Ajax technology .The emphasis is put mainly on simplicity of the reservation itself and also maintenance of the whole application including the operations necessary for administration of all visits. The reservation and administration processes as very complex tasks were optimized by means of design of efficient algorithms, minimization of computation time and user friendliness.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses different ways of saving graphical user interfaces (GUIs) in Java used by the most popular GUI builders. Furthermore, it describes in detail how this is done in the NetBeans environment.
The second part of the thesis describes the design of NetBeans module that allows to import user interfaces from selected builders to NetBeans GUI builder.
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>One of the methods to present saved data to the user is making the reports. This text is focused on tools for creating them using Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 platform and Microsoft SQL Server 2005 database platform. Text describes and compares Microsoft Reporting Services and Crystal Reports XI tools. In the first part problems of reports are introduced and some basic terms are defined. In the second part basic metrics are defined and forementioned products are compared from a view of their architecture, work effectiveness and demand factor of integration into existing projects developed on three-tier architecture.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis describes the development of an internet application as a graphical interface. This application uses MS SQL2005 database of an already created program “Evidence majetku”, which increases efficiency of stocktaking process of the entire property at companies. This thesis improves the process.
The application was developed using Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 technology, and C# was used as a scripting language.</td>]
[<td>The intention of this work is implement program for generating sudoku puzzle having unique solution. Communication with the program is provided by internet browser through the web interface. Input of the program is maximal number of holes, that can be in final sudoku puzzle. Output is sudoku puzzle with number of holes less or equal to requested number. In this work is described how program works, what algorithms uses and why have I chosen them.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to design and realize information system for management of leagues and tournaments in collective sport games. The project should contain web user interface and database. The whole system will be useful for management of real sport competitions and also for management of tournaments in sport computer games.</td>]
[<td>The problem with development of present web applications is the small degree of automation and therefore the need to mechanically write a lot of code, which consumes valuable developers’ time and does not allow them to concentrate on the application logic. The goal of this thesis is to architect and implement a library offering an innovative way of specifying behavior, i.e. relations between properties and metaproperties of application’s classes. The behavior is completely encapsulated inside the classes and cannot be influenced from outside. The bigger degree of automation is provided by a visual modeling of classes and an automated generation of a large portion of their code. The created classes can be automatically internconnected with visual elements on a web form, which provides an application of the specified behavior and a feedback for user filling in data to the web form.</td>]
[<td>The thesis represents my work on implementation of stereoscopic sensor. Also the implementation is focused on embedded system, the design attempt to keep wide universality. The base of system is made by microcontroller with PowePC core cooperating with two USB webcams for snapshot of stereo image. It allows to present image pair or to compute depth map and the distance of the nearest object.</td>]
[<td>The work summarises present methods for generating and rendering of clouds in real-time.
It proposes step by step methods for an implementation of selected techniques with maximal using of modern graphics accelerators.
The work even contains the implementation of this techniques.

The Perlin noise is selected for generating of clouds and is stored in a graphics memory like a 3D texture.
The cloud is assembled from oriented parallel slices that are used for mapping the texture.
Rendering process is based on a physical approximation and it runs in two phases.
The first phase computes an illumination of every part of the cloud.
It uses a multiple forward scattering in a preprocess.
There is computed a scatter from the every part of the cloud towards a viewer at the second phase.
It works in real-time and it uses a first order anisotropic scattering.

The main contribution of this work is a detailed and complete order for creating various clouds
with maximal using graphics processor.</td>]
[<td>This assignment is dedicated to a  proposition and implementation of device used as a hardware remote administration of computer. Especially emphasised is advantageous relation cost/output and accesibility of components on our market. I would also like to point to the wide range of possibilities of contemporary programmable logic circuits aswell as at their relatively easy use.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis discusses the creation software interface for playing the MahJong game. The main part describes design and implementation of the rules for the tiles group generator. Next part is focused on creation the tiles layout editor. The implementation is created in Java object-oriented language.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor’s thesis is to create a web application for i2home project, which would demonstrate the function of existing interfaces by means of simulating the operation of selected home appliances.</td>]
[<td>The main theme of this work is to deal with combinatorial optimization problems. These
problems are commonly solved by meta-heuristic algorithms. A number of them (e.g. Simulated
Annealing, Ant Colony Optimization) are briefly introduced and Genetic Algorithm and
Tabu Search even with their implementation descriptions. Recently, many so-called hybrid approaches
have been proposed. These methods combine a various (meta-)heuristics to struggle
out their disadvantages and to increase their applicability to more complex data in principle.
Instead of hybridizing one method by another one, we have designed a framework for the alternation
of the meta-heuristic algorithms and implemented two algorithms - Genetic Algorithm
and Tabu Search. We have proposed an alternation strategy the search process is guided by.
The concept of the algorithm alternations is presented and a description of the framework realizing
it as well. Three problems were implemented upon our framework: Satisfiability Problem
(SAT), Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) and Job Shop Scheduling Problem (JSSP). Finally,
the behavior of the algorithm alternations is demonstrated on experimental results.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to extend transparency of process migration in Clondike project. This includes system calls modiﬁcation and forwarding and support for sending signals.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this thesis is the issues of creating keybord layout drivers for Microsoft Windows 98/2000/XP operating systems and the implementation of a driver design tool. The efficiency and speed of designing one\\\'s own keybord layout using this tool were the main goals.</td>]
[<td>The intention of this work is to design and implement a software tool that converts markov reliability models created in the SHARPE software package to the MATLAB numerical computing languague. The input of the program is a file created in SHARPE, the output is a M-file that analyzes the appropriate markov model, solves the corresponding system of linear or differential equations and computes the reliability parameters. The work demonstrates the usage of the tool in the field of safety management.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design of syntactic parser which uses so called faster LR parser. That, in contrast with the common LR parser, utilizes the stack in much lesser extent and most of the parse context is stored in the state of the automaton. The goal is to develop a generator of such parsers which from a language grammar creates pushdown automaton for that parser. Grammars are described in the format used in another parser generator Bison. Output from the generator isn\\\'t bound to a specific programming language used for implementing the parser, instead generator returns controll tables for the parser in a macro language format. This makes it possible to implement the parser in arbitrary programming language or simply make changes in the parsing algorithm and perform various measurements.</td>]
[<td>This text covers deep analysis of possibilities of using parallel top down parsing algorithm. 
The method is based on lookback and lookahead strings in analyzed text, having theoretical parallel
time complexity T(n,n) = O(logn) - on condition that n = p. In practice where n &gt;&gt; p,
algorithm achives time complexity of T(n,p) = O(n/p). By simulation of this parallel
algorithm on single computational node we will obtain a sequential algorithm with time complexity of
O(n), which is the same as of the original LL(k) algorithm. The difference between these two
algorithms can be in different multiplicative constants.
This work shows conditions on which
sequentially simulated algorithm can be more effective (in the sense of time complexity) than the
original LL(k) one.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis was to investigate existing fractal algorithms for generation of a complex planetary model. That means algorithms for terrain generation and algorithms for terrain coloring. 
	In order to further investigate the capabilities of these algorithms we created a testing application with user interface. This application enables a user to investigate both the differences among different algorithms and the influence of some key parameters on the planetary model.
	For overall optimization of the application and for the ability to explore the planetary model in a higher detail, we implemented a data structure and an algorithm for dynamic level of detail.
</td>]
[<td>This Master Thesis deals with design and implementation of an open source softphone for Widnows based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP). It contains brief introduction to SIP and feature overview of available softphones. Thesis deals with analysis of the problem and design of software architecture. Key implementation details are described and application is tested.</td>]
[<td>The main target of this diploma thesis is to find out possibilities, how to implement technologies of pocket computers in gas industry, especially in RWE Group in CZ. Aim of this work is to make an analysis, to suggest a solution and to evaluate the solutions (according to IT infrastructure and business processes). The result is detailed pre-project study.</td>]
[<td>Main objective of this thesis is to introduce technologies used to analyse visit rate of web pages, compare their abilities and show the usage on concrete examples. Part of the thesis deals with concrete technological solution, its analysis and implementation. Implementation covers realization of the script used to monitor visit rate of any web pages and proposal of user interface.</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to design and implementation of a 3d editor, with support of rendering to vector graphic, written in Java programming language. The data format for vector graphic is SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics). The 3d editor is designed to allow easy modeling of simple solids (e.g., sphere, box, cylinder etc.) and indexed face sets. The 3d
editor is able to load and save models described in the VRML language. Special attention is dedicated to easy extension of functions of the 3d editor in the future.</td>]
[<td>This work describes application for bidirectional English to Japanese translation and Japanese
characters searching engine build in Java, using freely distributable sources. Application is
platform independent and sets no language special requirement on target operation system.
This program is primarily useful for beginners with Japanese language.</td>]
[<td>This work describes capabilities of canonical genetic algorithms to compress test pattern list with the help of overlapping. It examines basic parameters of these algorithms and tries to find values of these parameters that lead to an optimal solution. It elaborates upon methods of encoding the problem to the chromosomes and searches for the methods and functions that accelerate the process of convergence to the optimal solution. It studies the problems of selection strategy, crossover and mutation as well.

Software that has been developed for the purpose of this work provide basic interface and can be extended to allow the examination and comparsion of other alternatives that could lead to the faster or more successful computation.

There is outlined question of circuit testing at the beginning of the work and there is clarified why is the compression with the help of overlapping advantageous. There are also described basics of the genetic algorithms including functions, operations and the most important tasks description related to the genetical coumputing. Chapters that explain the motivation behind the choice of the used techniques follow. These are followed by chapter Testing that illustrates and summarizes the results of all measurements. The reader can therefore note how various paremeters, functions or problem encoding influence the computation and state space search.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this diploma thesis is a design and an implementation of a prototype of a t-learning
course, with respects of environmental specification an interactive resources of a digital television (iDTV). In this work I discuss limiting factors of iDTV resources and compare them to e-learning environment. On the basic theory, which has been developed in the frame o the ELU (Enhanced Learning Unlimited) project was elaborated a project of a sample course, specialized on a Prague cultural heritage. The course treats of some of first steps on a King\\\'s Road. Course was created in the Adobe Flash environment, with all specifics of it s implementation. In order to prove all methodologies of implementation of a t-learning course, prototype was tested on usability. These usability tests took place in special laboratory (Usability lab) on CTU FEL. Based on the results of these tests we discovered, that the idea of t-learning can be used in real live. Our prototype has been improved in order to meet the usability test results and limitations of used technology. It corresponds also to the requirements of learning projects. Idea presented by this prototype was very good accepted by test participants and in my opinion it shows its comercial potential for real usage.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to modify the Furby Toy to allow for its wireless control. The goal of the project is to design new electronics (hardware and firmware) for Furby such a way, that any mechanical part doesn’t have to be modified. Wireless transmission is based on BlueTooth technology using F2M03AC2 module by Free2Move. 
Modified toy should be able to execute movements and monitor/reflect state of its sensors. Additional requirement is to support carrying of audio signal between the toy and controlling PC. This would potentially enable voice control of Furby (voice control doesn’t belong to goals of this thesis).</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to the problem of 3D model reconstruction from image sequences of a real object, rotating on a turntable and captured by digital camera. The camera does not change its intrinsic parameters during capturing process and rotates about a single axis. Thanks to the existence of an automatic feature points detection, we are able to describe the geometry of images fully automatically. We reconstruct 3D model with minimal amount of external parameters. The implemented system uses projection matrices to describe the location and intrinsic parameters of the camera. Three-dimensional models, that are processed through a space carving algorithm, are displayed as a set of textured triangles. Application is able to use both manually and automatically calibrated projection matrices. Examples are presented on one dinosaur sequence of images. We compare the automatic and manual camera calibration results of the implemented system at the end of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work describes and demonstrates the use of the Eclipse RCP framework by the development of multiplatform desktop applications using principles of Extreme Programming.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on clustering algorithm which is used for detection areal clusters in data at reconstruction of three-dimensional objects. For this purpose the used algorithms for reconstruction surface have been studied and finally two most interesting algorithms such as Adaptive clustering method and modified Mean Shift algorithm have been chosen and implemented. Further the previously used K-means algorithm has been modified in order to answer to condition of detection areal clusters in a better way. Only the modified kNN algorithm has been used in the same way it was implemented previously. These four algorithms are finally compared between each other with the goal to choose algorithm, which reveals manifold data in the best way and separates particular bodies at the same time. For this purpose there are testing data and also real measured data from three-dimensional laser sensors. At the end of the work results of all experiments are compared. On the basis of this results the optimal clustering algorithm is chosen, which is modified K-means algorithm.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work designs a module for content management system XOOPS implemented in language PHP. The module compares files in system. This module uses designed methods and result is defined by designed evaluative function. The first part of work describes function of algorithms, second part describes implementation. The third part of the work presents results of testing.</td>]
[<td>The work is focused on design and implementation of an application for supporting dentist’s standard activities. It analyses dentist’s profession routine, introduces necessary records about seeing and patient, which have to be preserved. In dependence on real requirements of dental surgery and providing its smooth run, it defines data structures and graphical user interface (GUI).
As a result of the project is stable functional core of a system, which will be further extended in way that can be used for dental surgeries.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this project is to design a create software product, which will be used to acquire picked parameters of graphs and to compare them witch parameters of simple communication protocol. Information acquired this way from more graphs of same type but different size will be statistically processed. The resulting dependences will be shown in graphical representation. The next part of the project is a set of experiments, whose results would be finding dependences between parameters of free-scale graphs, whose representing real networks. The output of graph generator Inet or some real world graphs will be used as source data. Program will support a few input data formats.</td>]
[<td>Portal Usability laboratory is prepared for digest planning reservations at laboratory and sharing captured results from tests. Target of this work is implementation of new module for managing users. Work includes database design, utility function programming and graphic user interface for adding, editing, deleting and searching users in portal. The end is dedicated to function and secure testing.</td>]
[<td>Design and implement a prototype of Human Resources Management System, which will be capable to manage and plan human resources in a middle sized company. The application will be able to insert and manage clients, projects and tasks, assign these tasks to workers, automatically generate work plans and register time sheets for workers. The system will also support inserting and managing worker\\\'s holiday requests and authorized users will be allowed to accept or deny these requests. Implement the system in Java 5 using J2EE 1.4 platform, data will be stored in Oracle database.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>Abstract

In this research paper, I would like to compare two well known open source native XML databases. Xindice, which is an XML database system maintained by the Apache Software Foundation and eXist, another native XML database system created by Wolfgang Meier.
Both these database systems are written in java and are ongoing projects with several people involved in development, testing and supplying patches. My aim is to evaluate the source code and to research the individual parts of the database management system implemented in eXist and Xindice. These products provide the ability to store XML data, however, there is certainly more than one way to
accomplish that task. Foremost, I will detail the methods of implementation of cache, in-memory representation of XML document, indexing mechanism, persistent storage implementation (etc.) separately for eXist and Xindice.
Furthermore, I will compare and contrast the two. This will be the focus of my thesis.
I will also report the results of the testing that I performed on the set of testing data. The testcases refer mainly to storing data from an external XML file into cache and persistent storage.</td>]
[<td>This paper is based on author’s experience with implementation of an internet domain registry. The project took one year and was
realized on behalf of CZ.NIC association. At the end the system was successfully applied and operates flawlessly. This paper is
more than just documentation of technical solution of the project. It aims to provide information on recent internet protocol EPP
(Extensible Provisioning Protocol), which was implemented as part of the project, and ENUM (Telephone Number Mapping)
standard. The system was released under free licence, which makes it even more appealing, and is expected to be adopted in
various parts of the world.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to introduce chosen iterative methods for solving sparse linear systems (JIM, GSM, SOR, CG and BiCG), discuss the possibility of their parallelization properties, and implementation of them both in sequential and parallel way on shared-memory machines (SMP) in JAVA. The numerical solution of Poisson\\\'s equation with stationary iterative methods is also the part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis was to study algorithms for the parallel matrix-matrix multiplication of rectangular matrices on distributed memory computers, shared memory computers and on heterogeneous clusters of computers where each computer can have different performance.
In Chapter 1 I define terms used in this thesis.
In the second chapter I introduce the reader with the known and commonly used sequential algorithms for matrix-multiplication (trivial, commutative and Strassens\\\'s) and parallel algorithms (broadcast-broadcast, Cannon\\\'s, Fox\\\'s algorithm and fast and efficient parallel implementation of Strasen\\\'s algorithm). I also provide list of the most spread sequential and parallel libraries for matrix-matrix multiplication.
Chapter 3 is about load balancing on heterogeneous clusters of computers. I introduce two different strategies for load balancing (HoHe and HeHo) and three different heuristics that try to solve problem of ideal decomposition of sub matrices between computers.
In Chapter 4 I generalize parallel matrix-matrix multiplication algorithms for arbitrary number of processors and arbitrary size of matrices.
In the Chapter 5 I theoretically evaluate parallel algorithms and in the sixth chapter I show results of my measuring.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with plugin into webbrowser Mozilla Firefox, that allows user to synchronize files and folders with web-based system XOOPS, browse filesystems structure on local personal computer and so on XOOPS. This aplication should allow file uploading and downloading and their synchronization and actualization. As a comunication interface between XOOPS and aplication is used document management system (DMS). The aplication allows setting and changing atributes the same way as DMS  
</td>]
[<td>In this work, an optimized  version of sequential LR(k) parser is designed. The optimized parser uses tables designed for paralel LRP(1,k) parser. The paralel, optimized and stadard LR(k) parser are implemeted. The speed of all impmemented parsers is measured on a large set of input grammars and strings. The acceleration of optimized parser is discussed according to the type of input grammar and string.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of an voice and text communicator over TCP/IP network. The thesis includes definition of requirements, software design and implementation. The program is created especially for team communication among game players. The thesis implements the client part of the program and this program is written in C++ with the use of Qt, DirectX and Speex libraries.</td>]
[<td>This work includes an overview and tests of optimization algorithms in the continuous domain. Algorithms are inspired by the ant behaviour, mainly by coordination of their work by using pheromone layers. Algorithms covered in the thesis are:

Ant Colony Optimization (ACO), Ant System (AS), Continuous Ant Colony Optimization (CACO), API, Continuous Interacting Ant Colony (CIAC), Adaptive Ant Colony Algorithm (AACA, BACA), Binary Ant System (BAS), Extended Ant Colony Optimization (ACO*), Continuous Ant Colony System (CACS), Aggregation Pheromone System (APS), Direct ACO (DACO).

Methods with similar approach are grouped and representatives of the groups are implemented, evaluated on the real world data and compared with other continuous optimization methods. The most succesful out of the implemented ant behaviour inspired methods are DACO and ACO* that have very good results, although they doesn\\\'t go better then Quasi-Newton method.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents the results of many weeks of studying factorization of large integers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with storing of digital documents and their metadata. Standard metadata elements according to Dublin Core Initiative and their storage in RDF/XML are introduced. Formats for storage of multimedia, their mutual convertibility and durability are explored as well. Therefore, an experimental platfrom for document transformations, storage and publication was designed, described and implemented. The platform is directly exploited by a web application, which serves as digital archive of theses at CTU in Prague. The application allows insertion of theses, browsing and fulltext search in the archive. The application was implemented in Java programming language. The web inteface is built upon JavaServer Faces technology.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creation of system of an evidence of working tasks in the way that this system could be used in whichever company. The created system facilitates dealing with working tasks to the user, enables checking and better orientation in these tasks as well as the cooperation on resolving these tasks with the colleagues. Last but not least, the system enables to check the agenda of sources, especially in cooperation with their importance (role) while solving the tasks.
The thesis is divided into several parts. The first part deals with a definition of requirements on the created system followed by a detailed analysis of these requirements. At the moment when the analysis of the system is finished, it is followed by creating of draft of the system and afterwards by its implementation. In the end of the thesis the system is tested and all results are evaluated.</td>]
[<td>This work represents a whole development of concrete software product. It deals with design, implementation and testing of application purpose of which is an automatic verification of selection procedures.</td>]
[<td>The final project deals with the problems addressed by development of enterprise server-side web applications in Java programming language. I was assigned to study a plenty of materials, which are closely related to mentioned branch and hand it over in order to get the reader acquainted with the problems in an appropriate way. 
I was expected to apply and demonstrate such theoretical knowledge, implementing of one specific web application for support teaching of computer\\\'s acquirements, the Virtual Center for Educators of Seniors.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to document process of designing and implementing system-on-chip with use of GRLIB library. Reason for chosing this subject was that nobody at the faculty did not concern about this topic so far. GRLIB offers a number of predesigned components, including 32-bit Leon3 processor, and it is offered under GNU/GPL licence which guarantee rights to study and modify its source code. The result of this thesis is procedure of configuring supplied components, extending the library for new ones, and simulating the
components and complete designs in software or testing them in hardware. Work with GRLIB can be evaluated positively because after understanding its principles, a system-on-chip meeting exact requirements can be easily designed.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is proposing a method of design of rich internet applications based on the technology Shockwave Flash, using a data service Recvlite.
Proposed method of design, determined by the chosen technologies and analysis of current KOS user interfaces, is verified by implementing Swiff KOS application, running in a browser on a client and communicating using the Recvlite XML and HTTPS based protocol. The Swiff KOS application encompasses forms, providing student with a set of operations with courses, schedule, exams and actions.
And finally, the thesis describes evaluation of the user interface formulating a usability test. Goal of the test is to prove, that the new navigation combined with help and the new controls schedule and calendar, are making work faster, more intuitive and more lucid.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis discusses design and realization of the kernel of a railway interlocking equipment for the control of train routes. Corresponding to requests this implementation is universal for non-limited size of interlocking table and it is independent on size and specifics of trackage in station. This work also discusses about interconnection between the kernel and other parts of the system. Together these parts are one railway interlocking simulating system.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to design the framework, suitable for easy and quick designing of control applications and their user interface. The framework is primarily focused on applications for mobile devices, which control appliances of new generation based on industry standards. The framework also supports designing of real appliances simulators.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this thesis was to develop and test a rendering method for procedurally generated models by base surfaces morphing and find out if such method can be implemented on GPU. The work is concentrated to models defined functionally, more specificaly to implicit and explicit surface definitions. 

Proposed rendering method of such surfaces is modification of ray casting algorithm. This modification has big impact on rendering time complexity and offers an order of magnitude speedup. This reduced rendering time is of course balanced by reduced image quality. The idea of this method is in bounding search space for each shooted ray where the intersection with model is looked for. 

Practical results are brought out in demo program, which is able to render some examples of procedurally defined surfaces on CPU or GPU. This demo program has also abbility to test quality of implemented method against classical error-free ray casting method. 
</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on design and implementation of web interface for application, which enables realization of remote printing orders. Before printing order itself, which is confirmed by customer (user), it is possible to see price calculation and its changeable parameters. This work does not solve handling of printing orders by server nor does it solve printing itself. Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition is used for implementation.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the security of wireless networks 802.11a/b/g in term of confidentiality sent data and unauthorized access. Necessary part of link layer 802.11 is described briefly. There are descriptions and the tests of software (aircrack-ng, coWPAtty, weplab, airsnort, aircrack-ptw) enabling to crack security protocols WEP, WPA and WPA2 below. Replay and injecting attacks were tested againts WEP. More network traffic was generated by means of these attacks. Sniffed frames performed to derive a WEP key. Bruteforce attack tried to guess the passphrase of a WPA/WPA2-PSK network.</td>]
[<td>The work contains description of Web Information System (WIS). Deals
with their history and recent trends and demands. Increased attention is granted to security hazards in web environment and their elimination. The structure and resources for realization of WIS are detailed. High attention was given to evaluation of demands at executive core from the view of developers, administrators and common users on WIS. In the end the work describes realization of executive core and creation of exemplary Web Information System.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to design and implement user interface of computer programme for software control of ballistic electron emission microscope, which function is to analyze and control measurement of semiconductor’s surfaces, which are used in microelectronics and nanoelectronics.</td>]
[<td>Visual communication has experienced radical breakthrough over last decades, but it was the computer graphics that fully opened its possibilities. Since the beginning of computer graphics, it has became a fundamental part of such industries as film, advertising, art, science and others. Desire for a flawless visualization is nowadays held back by hardware capabilities and therefore other solutions come into forefront. This paper deals with such alternative approaches and describes the development as well as the theoretical principles that are necessary for understanding the problem. Nonetheless, the focus of this paper is on the implementation of adaptive level-of-detail algorithm based on existing paper and its testing. </td>]
[<td>This work describes an implementation of a video data transmission link over Ethernet built with Altera FPGA prototyping boards. Next, it deals with optimization of video data compression according to the JPEG standard. The work starts with a description of the development boards used and the necessary tools. It is followed by a description of the Ethernet chip used on the boards. The next text introduces the control processor PicoBlaze, its implementation in Handel-C and its connection to the Ethernet chip. The work concludes with experiments with optimization of image compression and their results.</td>]
[<td>This final project deals with metrics used in IT with a view to japan specialist Kaoru
Ishikawa. There is a description of metrics used at the present time in the first part
of this final project. There is design of methodics for complexity assessment of
software products and application in the following parts.</td>]
[<td>Point of this summary was to uncover parameters of network connections which influence and declasses the quality of internet calling (Voice over IP). One of my objective was to make laboratory issue for future bachelors, which can give better idea of dependence on the quality of IP call on the quality of internet connection.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>Topic of this thesis is to design and implement an application for playing, composing, editing of musical pieces. The main programming tools are programming language Java, their standard and extended funktions and special open-source library JFugue. Application would be based on MIDI standard communications protokol that enable computers and other MIDI equipment to communicate, control and synchronize with each other in real time.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses design and implementation of peripheral drivers on Xilinx Starter Kit development board with Xilinx Spartan-3. Drivers for VGA, RS232, display, PS/2 keyboard and memory are working. Further the possibility of implementation of these drivers into an existing AVR core described in VHDL is discussed. </td>]
[<td>This thesis handles development of tool for creating descriptions of information 
system in terms of HL7 Reference Informational Model. Recherche of two communication 
standards in healthcare is at the begining of thesis. The next part is analysis and implementation of the tool. This 
thesis also contains example of using the tool in mapping part of DASTA into the 
model in HL7 terms. At the conclusion, there are summarized benefits, 
insufficiencies and future possibilities of developed tool. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is the design and implementation of a simple GPS navigation
unit using a portable GPS module. This GPS navigation unit can display basic information about
current position, altitude, date and time, saved positions and passed trace. The unit is equipped with
a serial line for connecting to a computer or PDA. The connection is used for storing data (map points
and navigation points) into the memory or sending GPS sentences generated by the module.</td>]
[<td>This work is supposed to be a documentation for a developed voice controlled system for mining information from on-line sources. The design as well implementation is described here.
Within the work a voice controlled system for communication with the user was created.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the master thesis is proposal and implementation of the system supporting analysis of payments between finance institution and Czech National Bank. The analysis is based on incoming and out coming clearing files processing. The purpose of this analysis is set up foundation for customer marketing practical tool implementation. Simultaneously provide support for monitoring and evaluation of transaction with the objective to detect “money laundering”.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work is concerning the problem of security of personal computers and networks. 
In the theoretical part I describe in details the all types of risks connected with using the personal computers and with ways of protection.
In the practical part I worked on two cases, the propos ion of personal computers safety and the safety of  computers non-profit small organization. From the point of view  the quality and price.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis engages in analyzing, designing and implementing the server part of the synapse communication program, which is aimed at establishing communication among game players. Moreover, the thesis addresses already existing solutions to this issue, including their advantages and disadvantages. The testing of the application itself, as well as its comparison with the already existing programs is carried out in the last part of the thesis. Finally, the author also mentions other possibilities of extending his program.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis analyses and implements a web-based information system whose main purpose is to facilitate presentation and evaluation of photographs by users. The introduction describes the importance and problems related to designing a WIS in general, followed by evaluation of existing solutions and design of proprietary ones. The implementation describes the actual development of the application, using one of many available frameworks. The final part looks at methodology and outcomes of testing in GUI Usability Lab, as well as offers a summary of the results and suggested improvements for the future.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is visualisation of simulation of simplified CPU VLIW DLX. It is targetted to be used in undergrateduate computer architecture courses. VLIW DLX uses similar GUI to well known WinDLX simulator and its ISA uses scalar DLX instructions implemented in Java.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis we present use of nondeterministic finite automata (NFA) for the approximate pattern matching. Construction of such automata is mostly easy but they can not be used directly because of their nondeterminism. We can transform NFA to the equivalent deterministic finite automaton (DFA). Unfortunately, transformation
may result in DFA having up to 2^|Q| states where |Q| is the number of
states of related NFA. Another approach is a simulation of run of NFA using basic simulation method, bit parallelism or dynamic programming. The simulation using bit parallelism and dynamic programming embody low time and space complexities at the cost of that these methods cannot simulate general NFA (NFA intended for another purpose than approximate pattern matching). On the other hand, basic simulation
method allows us to simulate general NFA of course with higher time and space complexity than bit parallelism and dynamic programming but with lower time and space complexities than determinisation and DFA run.

We introduce the deterministic state cache, a basic simulation method extension based on use of fast memory of used d-subsets (set of active states of NFA), which can under certain circumstances dramatically fasten the basic simulation method. We present two possible implementations of deterministic state cache in C++ language concurrently with implementation of bit parallelism, dynamic programming and determinisation and DFA run.

Finally, we compare basic simulation method extended of deterministic state cache to the other implemented algorithms dependent on various parameters and we show in which cases the use of deterministic state cache is efficient and in which not.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this thesis is realisation of alternative web interface for original terminal client of Eagle\\\'s Nest BBS. EBBS is „Bulletin Board System“ implementation, prevalent in early nineties of 20. century in academic environment. However it still lives on a number of Czech universities.
Extensive part of thesis adresses selection of components and functional and especially data model, for there is a need of secure integration with existing system. Segment dedicated to important implementation characteristics and its testing follows. User and administrator handbook is also attached. </td>]
[<td>This work deals with creation of graphical user interface of an Java applet for playing the HeXip game. The main part of the project focuses to the implementation of generator for creation of a new HeXip game. The implementation is made in Java, an object oriented language.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and implement a specific program for controlling a local area network with help of serial communication. Its result is a group of executable files that are to be a part of the operating system. Further setup of each program is essential. The main programming tools beeing used are C++ and standard functions for computer networking.</td>]
[<td>This project, called Shooting game, realizes simple version of first person action game.  The goal is to collect all garbage from the floor and shoot all targets as fast as possible. Game was programmed with c++ language with OpenGL and OpenAL support.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is aimed at analysis, design and implementation of
information system E-registry. It is designed to receive and send
digitaly signed electronic data messages or text messages. System
offers possibility to insert HTML forms to allow the user to send
data from client to server. System is built as WWW application. On
server side, there is application logic implemented on Java platform
runnig on JBoss Application Server and using technologies EJB 3.0
and Jakarta Struts. Database server PostgreSQL is runnig on the
server side. On  client side, the condition is a web browser with
allowance of JavaScript and installed Java Plug-in to run JVM.</td>]
[<td>My bachelor’s project deals with the problem of the university teaching evaluation - electronic survey implementation. The goal of the project was to choose the new technology, suitable for the application requirements, and subsequently the survey implementation
itself, using the technology chosen.
In my work, I assess the possible solutions of the problem, give reasons for my choice and describe its specifics. The next part is devoted to the development tools used and the implementation itself, including the analysis of non-standard solutions and the description
of single components of the application. I compare the application I have developed with the previous implementation and describe the installation and configuration of the programme. In the end, I clarify the methods of testing and assess the results achieved
against the task assignment.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with simulated annealing algorithm - implements this algorithm along with visualizations of searching for the solution of chosen NP-hard problems (implemented problems are knapsack problem, traveling salesman problem and satisfiability problem). A modular system was created, it provides easy insertion of other parts and visualizations after recompilation. The text part of it describes methods for solving these problems, inspects simulated annealing and its parameters\\\' settings. The implementation of the applet and its parts is analyzed and tested in this text.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is the design and implementation of a NetBeans module that will allow us to analyze the user behavior in the said IDE. The module supports quantitative and workflow analysis.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this bachelor work is to show in vivid form on a practical examples the
basic principles of the MPEG 1 layer 3 compression, which is at present widely used for an
audio compression.</td>]
[<td>The task of this work is to design and realize an easy browser and contenting editor of user’s scheme in database Oracle using PHP. The task is realized under the view of users comfort. Between the demanded characteristic belong the simplicity, transparency and easy comprehensibility for all kind of users. The concentration is payed on the transparency of the object information representation, general view, editation and data export from objectives to the various formats. This system is applicable in various www browsers.</td>]
[<td>The system is intended for easy recording of television shows. Data are taken from local network stream (ie. DVB-T from VideoLanServer). User has to register on the web interface and after login he can see television schedule for next week. Every program is shown as hypertext link and
after the confirmation the request for program is saved in a database. There is a neverending loop on the server backend which is searching requests in a database and if any requested program starts, it runs dumping packets from data stream to disk. After finishing it sends an e-mail with hypertext link to requesting users.</td>]
[<td>Main part of this thesis is the design of the test driven development tool. There is a part which describes the methodics of test driven development before the chapter devoted to the design. The design provides ability to implement a module for any object–oriented compileable programming language.</td>]
[<td>In this work, I tried to practically implement the computer processing of natural language -- in this case Czech. I concentre mainly to lexical side a grammatical process of input sentence. Via grammar I implements specifying main semantic word in sentence. The result is program which demonstrate ability of this alghorithms.</td>]
[<td>The work presents possibilities and positives of creating of tight connection between Course management system and Information system of the school.  The work, based on the analysis of existing solutions and specific needs of Johannes Kepler Grammar School designs and implements an own system for ICT support of education.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this work is to design and implement user-friendly system for publishing final works of former students of trainer courses non-profit-making organization Sokol.
Part of this work is evaluation of existing similar publication systems, learning from positive or negative properties of these systems and eventually usage of their fragments.
Accent is insisted on user-friendliness of the system, relationships with existing systems of the organization, possibility of access control for individual user categories and releasing the final work as an open-source for free use.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the problematic of a design and implementation of an academy portal, a management system for learning activities. The substance of the thesis is specifying of methodology, analysis of contemporary business and opensource products, and analysis and implementation of own system, divided into a public and private section.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with issue of electronic communication between students, instructors and lecturers. Purpose is to provide better orientation for a student in his achieved results, whereby is also provided a better quality of subjects pass if this kind of communication is used. It makes it possible for instructors or lecturers to have superior and easier organization of subject. Proposal of solution ensue from multi-annual survey between students and from need for simplifying work on side of pedagogues.</td>]
[<td>The topics of my thesis is to implement new features of neural network simulator Simonne and to extend it by a remote control mechanism. The access of multiple users using several different services and basic
administration of their accounts has been included to the extension as well. A communication in the direction from users towards system has been solved by IM protocol-Jabber and an email connection which is easily extensible by other services. During the implementation, I focused on easy-to-use communication of the simulator with users and on the possible use of the system for future educative purposes.
</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis introduces possible solution of hardware part of the e-voting system for Academic Senate FEE CTU (AS FEE).
After introduction of AS FEE institute follows recherche part introducing the voting systems market and matching products of this market. The optimal solution for AS FEE is set. Finally possible methods of file transfer between hardware part and server of  cooperating IS (information system) are mentioned. The file including voting results is then processed by script placed on server.
IS is processed in another bachelor thesis.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachalor thesis is to show possibilities of the Java platform for building web applications. Content of this paper is from on piece a recherche and from other piece an implementation. In the beginning I make the reader acquainted with technologies like Java EE,
Spring framework and Hibernate ORM. In the next section I show the principles of Extreme programming and Test-Driven development. In the last section I apply knowledges of foregoing parts to the practical project, to the portal for seeking roommates. I show illuminating apply of Extreme programming in the real life.</td>]
[<td>In development environment VisualWroks implement software component for translating subset   (select – from – where) of OQL (ODMG-93 standard) language into programming language Smalltalk-80.
Component should be able to execute translated Smalltalk code either on local presented data or on remote Gemstone server.
Create suitable GUI and provide support for third party applications within use of VisualWorks environment.
</td>]
[<td>A factor oracle is an automaton built on a string p of length m that is acyclic, recognizes at
least all factors of p, has m + 1 states which are all final, and has m to 2m – 1 transitions. A
factor oracle of a set of strings is an automaton built on a set of strings P = {p1, p2, . . . pn}
that is acyclic, recognizes at least all factors of P, has |P| + n states which are all final, and has
|P| to 2|P| – n transitions.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this project was to design a system, which will allow users to transform video using functions implemented as plug-ins. This document describes implementation of the main system, definition of plug-in structure and scripting language used to controll the program. The system was programmed for Linux in C++ language. This document also contains the programm with two example plug-ins.</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces a new approach to limiting joints for virtual humanoids used in skeletal animation. While existing methods provide joint limits of 1 and/or 2 degrees of freedom, our approach allows creation of virtually any set of joint limits for joints with 3 degrees of freedom.
As a part of this work, we provide a Qt4-based joint limits editor application able to load Milkshape 3D (.ms3d) files, demonstrating definition, modification and export of imported joints and defined limits.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is to write an application for decoding of
signalling messages in a telecommunication network. The messages are captured
using a PC expansion card, supplied by the issuer of the project.
The thesis is formally divided into three parts. The first one describes
hardware of the PC expansion card. The second part describes the logical structure
and ordering of protocols, which are decoded to the readable, significant form of
individual octets, including a short introduction of the protocols. The last, third part,
consists of a description of the application itself, of its programming, testing, and
comparison with other solutions.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor theses presents generation of a conceptual schema from a relational database schema. The output of transformation is saved into file in the format, which is supported by ER Modeller version 4.1. The result of my work is s fully workable conversion application. </td>]
[<td>The main goal of this project is design and implementation of information system,
which support work of grant office manager. System is realized by web application.</td>]
[<td>The scope of the diploma thesis contents the design and implementation of a module for the measurement of the length for the bursts of the frames into the card COMBO6X in the Ethernet. It is one of the methods for the measurement of the parameters of the dynamics for the data flow in the net where the main concern is on the structure of the data flow. The module for the measurement is set up for a speed of 1Gbit/s. The net flow is directly processed from GMII interface. The bursts are limited by the interframe gaps. The amount of bursts according to the different length is determined. The module for the measurement contains the interface for the communication with the computer and the measuring script for the command interpreter BASH which is able according to the given parameters to configure the module, to carry out the measurement, to read the measured values and to save them to the text file.</td>]
[<td>Project describes suggestion and implementation of information system for processing of electronic voting data and for presentation of results from voting at Academic senate FEL (AS FEL).
Designed information system provides especially archiving of results in database and their presentation on web pages including options of searching and loading data from voting devices for conference members in hall. It should provide voting via web aplication for remote members. 
Information system should be made by suitable technologies because of communications with voting devices and integration into current web pages of faculty.
System has to be enough general for option of using in other parts (for example Scientific council FEL ÈVUT). 
Relevant hardware part of voting system will be solving in different bachelor project.
</td>]
[<td>Bachelor project deals with solving of The Satisfability problem by using genetic algorithms. This project aims to familiarize readers with some of the most important possibilities of solving the SAT problem, it explains the principle of genetic algorithms and one chapter shows a few simple practical examples which can be easily solved by using SAT. This work includes my own implementation – programme satGen. </td>]
[<td>Diploma thesis engages in implementation of peripheral cores for processor core EDOP. This processor is a modification of DOP processor developed by many years of research on FEL CTU. Processor EDOP with peripheral cores and memories forms adequated system for embedded aplications. This peripheral circuit is implemented on FPGA or CPLD for better flexibility and for potential changes in the future.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with creation of web based application : Internets maps. You can find there basic knowledge of geodety related with this work, possible methods of  processing, design  and impementation of application.</td>]
[<td>The content of this bachelor thesis is introducing structure and functions of web editorial systems. The work describes design and module implementation for creating and administrating of web editorial systems for public services. Part of this work is test designing and testing of the system.</td>]
[<td>In the last couple of years there has been a massive increase in the efficiency of common computer graphics cards and therefore the idea of using this immense capacity for other purposes than the original one emerged. In my project I intended to learn how to program the graphic hardware and whether doing so is worth it at all. I implemented the Fast Fourier Transform algorithm on both a common CPU and a graphic card. For larger input data the implementation using GPU was almost nine times faster than the same input using just CPU. Hence it can be said in certain parallel computation cases that it is worth it to invest in graphic hardware rather in common processor.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this project is to design and implement a web application, which allows to manage participants of conferences and other events. The application is independent on the metod of data storing and provides a possibility to alter its attributes on-line. Furthermore it allows exporting data to CSV (comma separated value) text file or PostScript file format.
The reason I chose this project was my former experience with the PHP programming language, which is suitable for the implementation, and also a possibility of future use in real deployment.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is study and describe internal data model open-source desktop application uDig and map server GeoServer and check supports for 3D. The next purpose is storage and display 3D model of Prague with these application in SHP format.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with monitoring of project activities in institution. The first part describes characteristics of such a system and specifies system requirements. The analysis of several similar systems is provided. The analysis results in specification of an optimal monitoring system. Selection of suitable implementation tools is done. The second part describes design, implementation and results of monitoring system testing. Evaluation of the work and some future improvements are presented.</td>]
[<td>This work describes implementation and testing of one- and multithreaded decoder of Ogg Vorbis programmed in Java language.</td>]
[<td>The work presents design and implementation of C++ library providing tools for solving inverse kinematics of 3D loopfree chain models.
The method used to solve IK is based on jacobian inverse.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this work is to explore possibilities of using wavelet transform for the purpose of digital audio signals compression. The fundamentals of wavelet transform are explained, and some areas of its successful usage are shown here. The reader will learn about most widely used formats for digital audio signals storage and transmission. This work also includes comparison of wavelet-based algorithms with commonly used compression algorithms, and some improvements are suggested.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\'s thesis introduces some of free software tools for testing Java EE applications and demonstrates their usage 
by testing a simple web application. 

The first chapter concerns Java EE platform and important related technologies. 
The second chapter deals with the most spread methodics for developing 
of software products, both traditional and agile. In the third chapter there are descriptions 
of some software testing tools, for example Selenium, JWebUnit, JMeter, JUnit, 
TestNG, EJB3Unit and DbUnit.
In the last part we will choose some of these tools for implementing of tests for a simple web application. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this work was to design and implement a system supporting an activity of a group conversant of photovoltaics in the Department of Electrotechnology, FEL CTU. The system is made for gathering of data collected in solar panels. Another part of the system – CMS system, supports communication between users of system, enables publication of their articles and supports e-learning.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the topic of the semantic web. It contains a short survey of the actual systems for ontology representation, namely general languages as well as so far implemented applications. It describes an educational experimental system for creating and managing ontologies, supporting semantic searching using technologies such as XML, RDF(S), OWL and RDQL. Experiments with models of ontologies are also included.</td>]
[<td>This thesis evaluates genetic algorithms with regards to their
possible application to the problem of cellular automaton synthesis,
where the resulting automaton should be able to act as a test
pattern generator for combinational logic circuits. The thesis
proposes a binary genetic algorithm suitable for such a task and
evaluates its implementation in comparison with a fully randomized
approach for solving the given problem.

The thesis also contains a brief introduction to commonly used
methods of logic circuit testing with the focus on the usage of
cellular automata as pseudorandom test pattern generators within
built-in self-test devices.

Keywords: genetic algorithms, built-in self-test device, test
pattern generator, cellular automaton</td>]
[<td>This work describes the realization of an “intelligent chair” that is able to analyze the behavior of the person who is sitting on it. Many communication interfaces were used to implement the data transfer from the chair to the client that is processing the data. However most of the effort was spent on the wireless ZigBee network.
Further on the work describes the concept and realization of data processing from sensors that were mounted on the chair in order to scan the activity of the person sitting on the chair.
The server processing the messages from the ZigBee devices gives the connected clients information about the states of the chairs via communication protocol based on XML.
</td>]
[<td>The work summarizes basic problems of visualization of geographic data and describes selection of proper tool for visualization of information about net traffic. Furthermore it describes means of its use for assignment purpose and creation of program, which works with chosen tool.</td>]
[<td>Main objective of the diploma thesis is to introduce technologies used to build web clusters, show concrete possibilites of their usage on model situation and compare advantages and disadvantages of particular solutions. Part of the thesis deals with practical realization of load balancing and high availability web cluster under high load. Cluster realization characteristics were measured under load within various configurations and these measurement results were analysed. Last task of the thesis is to design the graphic user interface for web cluster administration.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with design and implementation of interactive educational system to be used 
by future drivers. It explains design of a traffic network and its grafical and physical 
processing. It describes data format for maps which the application is interconnected with The 
Traffic Scenario Editor. The Traffic Scenario Editor was developed at the same time by Luïek 
Chmurovský.
</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on design and  implemenation of program for writing test BOZP (safety and protection employees in work) over internet.
Emphasis is on easy and transparent management with big amount of students writing this test.
Main parts of program are: import and export of students, management, giving tests and archivation.
Program uses formats of dates used in information system of CTU.
</td>]
[<td>This work analyzes the original state of the solution and suggests necessary changes for its better integration with Linux. It results in an entirely rewritten solution with a better protection of stored data with graphical frontend providing for changes in the biometric data storage. It also implements modifications necessary for comfortable usage of biometry in selected applications. These applications enable a graphical login into the system as well as screen locking and unlocking of a private key for electronic signature.
</td>]
[<td>Self-organizing maps (SOM) are a subtype of artificial neural networks. SOM is suitable especially e.g. for visualizing low-dimensional views of high-dimensional data. The goal of this project was to take the advantage of potencial which Cell Broadband Engine offers and to implement SOM library (in C language) using Cell’s processors, SPU’s SIMD instructions and another Cell’s specific features. This implementation was tested on a 2D input data with
different SOM parameters running on one SPU on a simulator of Cell. With differect SOM parameters was also done the speed test on PS3. SOM library also contains a good documentation to easy understanding how to use it. In the future is expected to extend current implemetation to work with more than one SPU.</td>]
[<td>The work is dealing with the design and implementation of a discrete simulation system oriented
on events. The work contains an exemplary simulation in the implemented system.</td>]
[<td>The designed and implemented system is one of those for quantification of changes between two versions of a software project. Its main feature is comparing files as sequences of lexical elements. The design solves usage of a lexical analyser, a lexical element representation, selection of a proper algorithm for comparing files, interpretation of results and possibilities of integration with CVS. The system is implemented using Java 1.5.</td>]
[<td>Goal of my work is make a survey of problems about Java applications for cell phones which will contain differences from standard Java, specific applications requirements, compatibility and differences between cell phones. Work contains demonstration application MineSweeper as in operating system Windows.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>Environment mapping is used to simulate reflectance effects on curved surfaces of a scene. The scenes with glossy surfaces, common in real world, are especially important. Traditional methods are based on environment map prefiltering. The prefiltering process is very time consuming and limits the use of these methods to the scenes with static lighting. Methods based on projecting lighting and BRDFs onto spherical  harmonics basis are only able to simulate low-frequency reflection effects.  The aim of this thesis is to computate environment mapping on glossy objects with high-frequency BRDFs and lighting using wavelets. Wavelets presents excellent tool for high frequency signal  approximation which are just mapped environments with dynamic materials. We address all important aspects necessary for an implementation of environment mapping using wavelets (in particular non-linear wavelet approximation and efficient computation of some operations in wavelets).  We focus on the wavelet rotation operation a solution to which was not known until recently. One can  describe the rotation using a very sparse matrix which is compact and enables elegant and fast computation of rotation. We will show that the model, observer\\\'s location and environment map can all be transformed in an interactively during calculation. Algorithms for wavelet operation shown here are not limited only for calculation of environment mapping. One can use these algorithms in other applications, such as image processing, global illumination, etc.


Keywords: computer graphics, image synthesis, environment mapping, wavelets, non-linear approximation, wavelet rotation, spherical harmonic.

</td>]
[<td>Current computer world is becoming more and more dangerous due to  increasing amount of viruses, malware, spyware, and other malicious software that is spreading across Internet. Today\\\'s tools for compression, encryption, and morphing of the malicious code make the task of their detection even more complex. The goal of this diploma thesis is to analyze, design, and implement an application (for MS Windows XP) that will be able to examine executable files in PE/COFF format for MS Windows x86 32-bit platform using dynamic analysis. The application should dynamically transform the code and emulate its execution in a guarded environment. During the execution, statistical data will be collected and evaluated by a heuristics module (not covered by this diploma thesis), which can eventually stop the execution. The application should decide whether the code is a self-executable archive, and possibly let the code unpack itself.</td>]
[<td>This work describes analysis, design and implementation web aplication for Institute of rheumatology, facilitating doctors filing patiens into the clinical research studies and enabling administration of  projects´ studies.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of the work is to discover explotation of spherical function nelinear optimization in computer graphics for light transport aproximation. The purpose to aproximate transport function is that exploitation of spherical harmonics does not allow rotate around arbitrary axis effecitively. The rotation is possible but a complexity of the problem is too high and it cannot be processed per vertex. One of the aim is to introduce a local deformation of the object. And just the deformation needs to rotate with transfer function fast per each vertex of the model. Zonal harmonics, which are subset of spherical harmonics space, is used for this purpose. The work describes spherical harmonics (SH), derivation of zonal harmonics (ZH) and mainly nelinear optimization used to fit arbitrary spherical function to ZH space. Nelinear optimization is described in great detail even with respect to optimization parameters and behavior of the optimization itself. Next point of the work is backward reconstruction of the transfer function with full explotation of modern graphical hardware. We describe several methods based on various approaches (per vertex or per texel).</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis talks about analysis, proposal and realization of a program for file management and picture editing in BMP, JPEG, GIF and PNG graphic formats. These procedures have been put into practice many times before. The present study aimed to create an application that would contain standard and also less frequent functions of file managers and graphic editors. The implementation is created in Java programming language.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma\\\'s thesis is to design a development environment with standard features to speed up and simplify editation of source codes, which are used in standard desktop environments, and which use parser of source code. Our environment will run as hosted application on web browser, it means on-line, which requires very specific conditions. No matter which implementation environment is used (JavaScript, Java, Flash), it itself has higher computing power consumption, therefore it is necessary to choose effective algorithms for analysis. In case of syntactic and lexical analysis we will use efficient incremental parsing and for the implementation we will use JavaScript. In development environment the most important is modularity. Application consists of very simple core with core API, which allows for simple addition or replacement of certain modules. For example incremental parser is just a module and thus it can be replaced with another implementation (eg. using Java or Flash). With respect to universality it is important to have in syntax driven environment a parser generator, that generates state automata based on specified grammar. At the end we will discuss the usability of the application from the point of view of response time.</td>]
[<td>During construction of a model from data is necessary to set
parameters of the model so it will closely describe behavior of the
system which the data describes. There are many methods to solve
this, but it\\\'s very difficult to choose the right one which would be
the most effective. In this work we try to use conjugate gradient
method. Than we are looking for the best configuration for it. The
optimization module based on conjugate gradient method has been
implemented to the GAME. It also allowed to compare performance of
this module with already implemented modules.</td>]
[<td>This work analyzes the state of the genealogical programs and websites and together with the analysis of the usable sources for genealogical data it designs the portal for the genealogical use. The designed system is a unique connection of the web based application and the administered database with genealogical data. Its main features are searching for data in the database and adding the data to it and exporting of data into the GEDCOM file. The prototype as well as the design of the website of this application is implemented with the use of the Oracle Application Express.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis describes the realization and implementation of a library which allows reading and writing additional information (tags) into mp3 files. Next, the thesis provides a description of an application using the library and allowing user-friendly editing. The application also enables users to create synchronized lyrics – “karaoke texts”, which can be displayed when the song is playing, similarly to subtitles in films. The whole project is realized in the Java language.</td>]
[<td>Data compression using antidictionaries is a novel compression technique based on the fact that some factors never appear in the text. Various DCA (Data Compression using Antidictionaries) method implementations based on works from Crochemore, Mignosi, Restivo, Navarro and others are presented and their performance evaluated on standard sets of files for evaluating compression methods.

Antidictionary construction using \\\\emph{suffix array} is introduced focusing on minimizing memory requirements of the static compression scheme. Also dynamic compression scheme is explained and implemented. Some possible improvements are tested, implemented DCA methods are evaluated in terms of compression ratio, memory requirements and speed of both compression and decompression. Finally appropriate parameters for each method are suggested. At the end pros and cons
of evaluated methods are discussed.
</td>]
[<td>This work describes design and implementation of a client side application, which is intended for facility management. The work is focused on building a simple editor, that works as a thin client in a window of a web browser. Result of this work is an editor that supports manipulation with single or group of objects and enables communication with a server part. Project is made in JavaScript programming language and manipulates with data in SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) format.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to study and implement efficient data structures and algorithms for the sparse matrix multiplication on distributed or shared memory computers and to discuss the possibility of using Strassen algorithm for the sparse matrix multiplication.
I have studied and implemented data structures and algorithms for the sparse matrix multiplication in coordinate storage formats (XY, Y X) and compressed storage formats (CRS,CCS) on both sequential and parallel levels. For both coordinate and compressed storage formats I have analyzed the complexity of multiplications for different types mapping of input matrices. I have measured the performance and the efficiency of all algorithms on distributed memory parallel architecture (cluster Perun, cluster Star) and on the shared memory parallel architecture (system Itest). I have also discussed the possibility of using Strassen algorithm for the sparse matrix multiplication.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the problem of accessing mail on IBM Lotus Domino servers from handheld devices and its goal is to implement a lightweight Web interface for this purpose. This work describes not only the implementation process but also all its preliminaries and a comprehensive background necessary for understanding the solution.
	The theoretical part of this thesis characterizes the Lotus Domino platform from the perspective of a mail system, analyzes existing solutions and discusses their problems and shortcomings.
	The technical part of this document describes the implementation of the new interface with all its aspects. It especially points out fundamental obstructions during the development process and offers numbers of workarounds, where standard techniques do not make any solution possible.</td>]
[<td>In this document, I’m trying to present various methods of FSM state assignment from the easy ones to more difficult. My objective was to create simple, fast but effective algorithm for state assignment of FSM. The algorithm is trying to reach the lowest average bit (Hamming) distance between each pair of states in transitions, which should lower the switching activity at the latches of sequential circuit, it’s power dissipation and size in case, that number of used bits is the lowest possible (depends on FSM structure). Some of the simple methods were also implemented. The result of this work will be used in EDA system EDuArd being developed at the department of computer science at CTU in Prague.</td>]
[<td>The Master\\\'s thesis addresess the field of measuring luminaires and aerodrome lights. It describes the requirements put on an aerodrome light, the method of measuring its luminous characteristics, and a way of ensuring that it complies with the specifications given. There was a software developed as a part of the thesis, which allows measuring the luminaires and evaluating the resulting data. One chapter of the thesis describes the design and the implementation of
 that software. There is a chapter dedicated to the implementation of a firmware of a microcomputer which serves as a communication interface between participating devices. An important part of the thesis describes a general method for converting between the goniophotometer rotating table orientation and the observational angles of the luminaire.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with a selection and implementation of a suitable error-correction code used to correct errors caused during wireless data transmission in the robotic system Orpheus. First we give an overview and properties of common error-correcting codes. Next the text focuses on a description of cyclic codes, and especially Reed-Solomon codes. After an explanation of their use, the text describes an implementation of an RS encoder and decoder in the Matlab environment and the following FPGA implementation. The work concludes by verification of a proper function of the Reed-Solomon encoder/decoder unit.</td>]
[<td>The work is focused on creating aplication for easy implementation of interface for wireless internet access and payment for it. It also analyze security risks and methods of payment. It consists of web interface which provides registration and payment for connection, and also program for configuration of needed components.</td>]
[<td>Subject of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement client software for Jabber instant messaging service. Become familiar with part of XMPP protocol relevant to client-server communication and implement client software for linux (unix) operating system. C++ will be used as programming language, ncurses library for text based user interface. Application will be capable of logging in to the service, creating a new account, getting contact list from server, updating presence informations, sending and receiving messages and changing users presence information.
</td>]
[<td>The work provides a view on modern trend of web application developement. On the topic of design and implementation of advertisement agencies´ business portal it describes some of possibilities brought by technologies, the application modularity and by a new programming approach to communication.</td>]
[<td>This project deal with J2ME, historical development, specificities in contrast to J2SE. There
is enclosed application Messenger with own Java server like illustration. At first application is
analyzed connected with enumeration of technologies and tools, which were used for
implementation of this application. Realization and testing on two models of cell phones is
described in the end.</td>]
[<td>The work is about application of USB bus in microcontroller systems. The output of this work is realization of device called \\\'\\\'USB Host module\\\'\\\' using the Atmel ATmega2560 microcontroller and the Cypress SL811HS USB bus controller. The other output is USBHostApi library written in C programming language. One part of this work contains description of device\\\'s hardware and software including detailed documentation with reference guide. The work also explains reasons of this specific solution and shows subsequently its realization. At the end of the work the testing is described.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with finite state automata. The objective of this thesis is to implement the courseware with convenient GUI, which would be capable to demonstrate the progress of finite state automata.</td>]
[<td>The work presents the implementation of Road traffic simulation.
Road traffic is simulated as discrete event system, C++
implementation uses simulation tool OMNeT++. Road traffic simulator
and OMNeT++ make it possible to create road network, to define its
traffic flows and simulate behaviour of this whole system with
output statistical results.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to recognize internal data model opensource products from GIS section, Qgis and Postgis, compare theirs same and different features and checking support for 3D view. Second part of the work is to storage and image 3D data model of Prague, with tools, which are searched in first part of this work.</td>]
[<td>Topic of this diploma thesis is to propose and to implement software for support of diagnosis of Parkinson disease (and other deseases with tremor) in patients. In collaboration with doctors we propose the test battery which patients will perform. These tests are read by tablet and stored in the database. Also several analytic tools for feature extraction were suggested and inspected. Diagnostic application supports longterm monitoring of patient, includes an implementation of some proposed analytic tools and various visualization tools for viewing and analyzing of features.</td>]
[<td>The main focus of this work is the application of SOM and WebSOM neural network for stock headlines clustering. It deals with data acquisition, preprocessing, clustering by a neural network and visualization of results. User can cluster new coming headlines online.
The application may ease the orientation in stock business.</td>]
[<td>This work deals effects of programing style and Java Virtual Machine on programs written in Java. Problem of PNG decompression was choosen for this purpose. There are also more information about PNG formate inside.</td>]
[<td>This work presents a program for editing XML files. In the first part XML schemes are analyzed, namely DTD schemes, W3C XML schemes and Relax NG schemes. The second part presents a program for editing XML files, which uses XML schema to assist users while creating and editing XML. Strengths of this program are extensibility, portability and usage of alternative XML syntax, which is simpler to create and more human friendly. Main features of the program are auto-completion and automatic validation against XML schema.
</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis deals with desigm and implementation of package editor and its integretion to ModLyng product. The product serves as integrated modeling environment for analog/mixed-signal integrated circuit design. The main purpose of the editor is to view and edit content of package. C++ programming language and QT libraries by Trolltech are used for implementation.

The main points of the thesis are package editor design and implementation accommodating to actual situation of ModLyng product. 
</td>]
[<td>The intention of this work is to employ the Maple system for calculation reliability parameters of markov chains in the symbolic form. After it their successive calculation into the numerical form. The markov chains are set with the help of SHARPE system. Then it follows the translation of the internal presentation of this file with the help of proposed and implemented ShaMap software into internal Maple system representation. The Maple solves the corresponding system of linear or differential equations and computes the reliability parametrs.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents the way to deal with exact arithmetic problem, which is based on Constructive Reals paradigm. It describes a representation of real numbers, provides a set of algorithms for elementary functions on real numbers and also the implementation of an exact arithmetic library in C/C++ programming language following that paradigm.
There is existing a pure Java library, which works with the same paradigm, but the performance shows a lack of efficiency. So I intended to build an exact arithmetic library ConsReal in C/C++
programming with better performance.
I chose the representation of constructive reals as a functional representation and provided the algorithms for computation of constructive reals. Some of these algorithms are together with their proofs. The ConsReal library contains three components: Class Integer, class Real and class CReal. Class Integer was built with the use of library GMP and it can work well with variable-length integer. Class Real is the interface of the library, it makes things easy to declare a constructive real and to write the expression for computation on constructive reals. The third class CReal is the core of constructive reals. Class CReal has many subclasses, and each subclass has a different approximation function, which is used to generate results guaranteed to be accurate to any error tolerance. Each operation applied on constructive reals works actually with the core and the result will be subclass corresponding to the operation.
The ConsReal library runs faster than the original Java library, but it is still slower than the iRRAM library. It is because of the dierence in principle, the ConsReal library uses top-down
propagation approach, and the iRRAM library uses bottom-up propagation approach. It would
be signicant performance improvement if we could somehow integrate the bottom-up principle
to the ConsReal library.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of the thesis is a camparison of native XML databases (NXD). The document describes features of the NXD technology and compares specific products with open sources.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this work is to create an application, which would help users practise English vocabulary. An application, which would help them widen and tighten vocabulary and which would thus contribute to adoption of such an important language in these days, as English really is.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to create an application interface that will provide support for an optical character recognition and implement it as a library.
The final interface will be used for a plugin creation. This plugin makes a software mix table software accessible to people with an eyesight handicap.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the implementation of a control simulator of  
railway transport, which can be used as teaching aid for future CD  
dispatchers, who can attempt common operations via up-to-date 
timetables. After detailed examination of present simulators, and  
consultation with train dispatchers from actual operations, the  
resulting project Stanièáø was developed. This project is 
characterized primarily by liberated stations in the format of XML,  
more dispatchers that can cooperate in the same time (network  
simulation), and also the possibility of linking up other modules of control.</td>]
[<td>Content of this theses is automated integration tool which supports configuration management and system integration in creating product from development’s source modules.
The build engine manages a project build process, and it can automatically create reports and documentation from sources.</td>]
[<td>It is created map´s editor simple traffic position in this project. Editor analyses traffic project according to act number 361/2000 about traffic on ground-based ways.
Aplication is implemented in languange Java so application is fully portability to various computer platforms.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis is dealing about designing and realization the USB stack for Cypress SL811HS controller. Stack was developed and tested on USB Host, which is the result of another bachelor thesis. The first part presents USB description, aimed at parts important for understanding the principles of operating. Next presented is USB stack conception followed by the description of SL811HS controller driver, and design of application interface. In implementation part, there are described important fragments of source code in detail, which was written in programming language C. At the end of thesis also the testing of developed software takes place.

</td>]
[<td>The TV news brings new information every day from home and abroad, which is often needed to fill up with graphics. Each pressman orders graphics by necessity to his reportage. These graphics thematically repeat and are modelled in the third dimension for being sightly. In the TV-graphics department, we have a telephone graphics for phone conversation, a pronouncement for text pronouncement, a column graph for election returns, we have the virtual parliament for image of dispensation in the parliament or a restoration graphics of car accidents and more. But it happens very often that our mailbox is filled up with graphics ordered by the pressmen and we cannot catch up with them on time and thus obstruct finishing the reportage. Therefore, it would be obviously suitable to make tools that would make this work easier and allow us to concentrate on work, which cannot be automated. The 3D Studio MAX offers this possibility in its scripting language and that’s why I have thought up and chosen this theme. I consider it to be interesting, but above all very practical and useful for everyday utilization.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with creating and managing of the configuration software of the railway signalling and interlocking equipments, describes curent methods and defines a new method that
presents one of potential view of the configuration software. This diploma thesis shows an specific implementation of the new method, its application on creating of tools for creating and managing the configuration software of real equipments.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents source codes modification and conversions between different programming languages supporting paradigm of Object oriented programming. It informs about existing tools that deal with these problems, about their characteristics, advantages and disadvantages.
The application developed during this thesis tries to solve disadvantages of mentioned tools. Its modular architecture allows user to extend a list of supported languages and other functions.
</td>]
[<td>Simple Flow Engine is a system for controlling processes according to a description stated in an xml file. The purpose is not creating a complex system, but creating a program, which a man can learn in a few hours thanks to the simplest format of the xml document It is possible to define states and transitions between them under certain conditions. It is also possible to define, in what time the condition will be called. We can control the engine with public application interface, thru which we give instructions to execute some activity. It contains functions for finding current state of the process, finding possibilities for the next step and also execution of the step.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with problems of cooperation of two network cards. A realtime operation system Pharlap is used for the thesis. First network card is used for a standard communication but in case of failing of the first network card the operation system recognizes its malfunction and brings the second network card into function. The main topic of this thesis is deciding about a line availability. The thesis deals with an implementation of protocol IPoverIP which is used for the second backup card as well.</td>]
[<td>This work concerns the problem of temperature chamber control using a personal computer. It tries to solve a real situation, where is needed to equip an existing temperature chamber with control system, which has to match current standard of functionality features and user comfort. The work contains an analysis of existing solutions and design of own hardware and software solution; the main part is the software, where all functional features are implemented. It also contains the real implementation and testing in simulated and real operation. The software application is written in Java. </td>]
[<td>This document is dealing with problems of data protection from misusage and their encryption and decryption using smart cards and storing on virtual filesystems to GNU/Linux operating system. Result of this document is an aplication with easy graphical interface, which provide to user data protection using smart card.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis analyses and implements the image gallery plug-in for PHP OpenSource Content Management System ActionApps. The introduction describes ActionApps system and goes into the existing implementations of web image galleries. Next part analyzes possible approach to upload, index and view, then analyzes the problem of integration to ActionApps and designs concrete image gallery for ActionApps. After then there is implementation part describes realization of plug-in. The part about the testing is last but one. Final part includes summarization and possibilities to continue, especially possibility of including another media types.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with 3D rendering of topographic vector maps for the GPS satellite navigation. It explains the principles of this system and analyse existing ways of electronic imaging of geographical data. It describes methods of making 3D-Landscape viewer. This application analyse input file of specified format and it make the height map which is useful for 3D rendering of landscape model. At the close of the document there is summary of asset and some ideas for next development.</td>]
[<td>The work represents the result of Handsfree implementation. Due to usage Bluetooth developement kit, work contain brief description of this developement kit. Brief summary of Hands-Free Profile specification is not missing in the work, because communication of Handsfree and some base device is important - devices of different manufacturers need to communicate with same language. Implementation is divided into two projects. The library working with hardware and graphic user interface. Interconnection of these projects has arisen application emulating Handsfree on PC.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create an information system in order to maintain and support the
technical supervision of computers in a local network. The system stores and retrieves information
regarding computer hardware and it allows searching of this information according to various
parameters.
This thesis is divided into four parts. The first part is a study of the topic; the second part
describes the implementation of the system; the third part describes how the developed application
has been tested; and the last part consists of the installation guide and user\\\'s manual.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis describes the realization of a control system which operates the moving of rolling stocks on a model trackage using a wireless connection technology. The duplex wireless connection is realized by the Bluetooth technology. The control system software was developed for the Windows operation system. The communication between the control system and the models of rolling stocks allows up to three Master devices and up to twenty-one models of rolling stocks in the Slave mode.   
The control system enables manual control or an automatic mode. To control the rolling stocks the automatic mode processes the information about the trackage (distances between individual control points, etc.), variable data from the trackage (states of its semaphores, rail switches, etc) and the information sent by the controlled model of a rolling stock itself.</td>]
[<td>The work is interested in design and implementation of network incident analyzer with feature analyze data from intrusion detection system (IDS). As a result of the work is a prototype of network incident analyzer and target analysis.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the Geographical information system, its principle, its usage and the importance of GIS for GPS system. It also implies the direction which GIS went in the last years and where this technology proceeds in the future. In conjunction with this, the basics of XML are thrashed out here as well as the format of storing the geographical vector data. And the work mentions the GML standard which is just being prepared for standard.
Using the C++ programming language and QT libraries there is a simple GIS created in the implementation part focused on wireless computer networks. This software is named EasyGIS. For the objects depiction is used the cartesian vector system.</td>]
[<td>This work presents results of analysis, development and testing of an application for automatical generating of developer’s documentation of projects written in programming language PHP5.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the creation of Customer Relationship Management system for a small telecommunications company BCH TeleCommunications Inc. The goal is to design and to create user friendly application, which will simplify the client directory administration and invoicing for the customers.
The whole thesis can be divided into several parts. First two parts deal with a general definition of the assignment itself with the summary of system requirements and a selection of suitable methodology for analysis and design. Following is the detailed requirements analysis and part of the system design. Next part is devoted to the description of system implementation and implementation supporting tools. At the end the thesis focuses on discussion about testing and the last part encompasses an evaluation of achieved results.</td>]
[<td>Práce reprezentuje výsledky implementace skrytých markovovských modelù na procesoru Cell.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of the work is the implementation of a class library to solve general NP optimization problems on symmetric multiprocessors. The user of the library implements only those parts of code specific for a given optimization problem, which will be solved in parallel with load balancing using classes from the library. Load balancing and parallelism will be transparent to the user. In following section of the work will be an evaluation of the performance in several particular optimization problems. The final section of the work will be an application based on this library.</td>]
[<td>This paper attends to methods for searching interest points in the image. These points are important for the first analysis and they identify places with features that are suitable for further processing of the image. It is focused on methods SIFT and SURF, which are convenient for finding structures usable for ascertaining correspondences between the images. Both methods are scale invariant. The beginning of the paper occupies by the theory of generating scale-space, which means the structure representing the image independently of the scale.  In conclusion I implemented part of the method SURF and evaluation of achieved results with focus on pairs of pictures obtained from general camera position.</td>]
[<td>This work implements modified binary decision diagrams (MBDs) and uses their structure to minimize incompletely specified logic functions. The product of this work is a software package, which is able to load logic functions from PLA files, minimize them and save them back to PLA file. Beside the minimization itself the package implements various static and dynamic variable ordering methods. This work introduces brand-new method for static variable ordering -
STAT. Results of MBD minimization is experimentally compared with results of famous heuristic minimizer ESPRESSO.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is a proof of concept implementation of Netflow based network
intrusion detection system. Incident detection in this system is based on
analysis of data flow records, which are exported using the Netfow technology
from many routers distributed in the network -- this is different approach to 
centralised IDS deployment. The system implements several techniques, that
were described in two articles written by Yiming Gong. It is
able to read natively Netflow version 5 exports in the flow-tools file format,
it is also able to distribute information about arised incidents to many
destinations using several protocols like BSD syslog or SMTP and it can be
integrated with monitoring systems -- currently Nagios support has been
implemented. The system is fully modular, so it can be freely extended with
additional input, output or method modules.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis of behavior and communication between particular elements of (at the present very wide-spread) wireless networks according to the standard 802.11, namely variants a, b, g. On the basis of this analysis, models are assembled and implemented enabling simulation of the particular elements as well as major complex behaviors and their mutual interaction. In terms of the model OSI, the thesis deals with a part of the data link layer, specifically with the Media Access Control (MAC) sublayer and physical layer. The implementation extends the concept of an already existing set of models with other network models. It enables combination of various network technologies.</td>]
[<td>These days’ success projects more and more depend on ability to share information and knowledge among team members, during developing stage. This thesis is engaged in design and implementation system for development and management projects with emphasis on team collaboration. The resulting application is composed to contain all aspects in preparing developing and managing already running project.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this diploma thesis is to change and adjust the system devised in the bachelor thesis, in order to correct the deficiencies that occurred in the project. Also a formal proposal of the system and its user interface needs to be add. This is an implementation part of the thesis. A major part of the work is a formal proposal of a data processing system working with data retrieved from the school information system. The final goal is to create an appropriate structure that would analyse and evaluate data in the long term. One part of the diploma thesis is also devoted to the problem of time-sheeting.</td>]
[<td>The goals of this project are to examine possible ways of 3D-plot viewing implementation in Java programming language - either ones already used in existing projects, or a new implementation using any of available 3D APIs.

Primary motivation of this work was a need of such a module to integrate into an existing project. 

During my work I explored several projects available on the Internet and I also tried three ways of implementation - using standard Java graphical libraries, Java 3D and JOGL (an OpenGL extension of Java). With the JOGL implementation I  achieved all goals of the specifications.

The results of this work have proved that Java is capable of efficient work with accelerated graphics and is suitable for displaying 3D-plots.</td>]
[<td>This work contains general description of the Netfilter system, procedures of testing and results of performance tests of this system. It is focused on running the Netfilter on multiprocessor computers. Possible improvements of this system are analysed in the last part of this work.</td>]
[<td>The paper describes and implements multiplication of sparse matrices in different store formats. It also discuss using Strassens algorithm as a way to advance efficiency of execution.</td>]
[<td>This work presents a complete procedure for creating three dimensional lenticular prints from a pair of images captured using a stereomicroscope. It describes and compares contemporary techniques of 3D viewing, explains the principle of lenticular prints and a dense stereo algorithm for constructing novel-views which are needed for synthesizing them.
The main contribution of this work is in using inpainting to correct imperfections of the stereo algorithm in order to construct believable synthetic images. Our technique builds on an implementation of the texture synthesis algorithm by A. Efros, which has been optimized for the MATLAB enviroment. The outcome of the procedure described in this work is a sequence of images that are suitable for the three dimensional lenticular prints. The result of this work is a universal technique that is efficient on a wide range of synthetic and real-world images. </td>]
[<td>This work represents my nearly two months effort to understand data format CIF and successive implementation of this format into VMD aplication. Implementation demanded creation of Dynamic Linked Library (DLL) cooperating with the interface of VMD aplication. It was also necessary to realize tools for reading and processing data from CIF format within the scope of this library.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis presents analysis, suggestion, implementation and illustration of collateral use of data and SCO audio connection, both based on BlueTooth (BT) technology. Module F2M03AC2 by Free2Move company was used as remote BlueTooth device, USB BlueTooth dongle MSI BToes 2.0 was connected direct to the PC. Work describes functional solution for both most common operating systems Microsoft Windows (in version XP) and Linux (distribution Ubuntu 6.10). 

The wanted result isn\\\'t possible to achieve via standard way using drivers supplied with USB dongles in MS Windows. That\\\'s why solution in this operating system is based on Broadcomm\\\'s BTW SDK (Bluetooth for Windows Software Development Kit) in combination with MS Visual Studio 6.0. It presents an implementation of API for wireless controlling of toy Furby via BlueTooth as a demostration application. The API is capable of this toy\\\'s voice controlling in combination with IBM Speech Recognizer too.

The solution is based on standard resources in Linux operating system (official Bluetooth stack Bluez in combination with sound drivers ALSA). Working BT SCO audio channel is available using Btsco utility. However, its source code had to be modified to meet assigned requirements (parallel data and audio connection).</td>]
[<td>In the first part of this thesis is given a brief outlook of existing UML tools, which are possible to use freely for non-commercial purpose or in schools.
In the second part, we will take a deep look into implementation details of our own UML class diagram editor. We will cover ways of realization and 
describes problems we have faced to during implementation.</td>]
[<td>This work presents the function and internal states of encryption algorithm AES by means of customized tutorial. There are the AES standards, analysis, design, implementation and other information about the development, test results and the summary of the final tutorial program described in this paper. </td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The work contains a general description of SCADA systems and a short summary of their history. The requirements of these systems are analyzed in the scope of modern distributed applications. The possibility of using web browser as a runtime environment for client application and proper technologies are analyzed in detail. The already implemented systems are briefly described. The evaluation of their attributes is based on formulated general requirements. The rest of work deals with implementation of application, which consists of server and client part. The client part uses web browser for visualization of technology.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with problems of security handling of PDF documents and ways of breaking passwords that might be used to protect them. First, PDF\\\'s file structure and its relevant portions and algorithms are analyzed followed by a two implementations of password breaking applications. One of the applications uses traditional threaded model to take the advantage of multi-core and multi-processor environments while the second one offers a version that runs in a massive parallel environment using a message passing interface standard. Thesis also compares achieved speeds with already available PDF password breakers.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is implementation of the second and the third part of a generator of the faster LR parser which is based on standard LR items. Two nondeterminisms which are caused by precomputing reductions in the first part of the generator are removed. The removing is performed by dividing states and adding pushdown store operations. This problem is described in Janou¹ek J., Brabec J., Faster LR Parsing Based on Standard LR Items. Implementation is realized in C# programming language and the general interfaces between
particular parts of parser are proposed. During my work I have discovered some new problems not mentioned in the above paper. I have spent much time with their solution and therefore only the second part has been implemented.</td>]
[<td>The work describes comparison of PHP scripts on the level of inner form represented by tree.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of an application for visualization and management of character sheets used in board Role Playing Games. Technical documentation and the program user’s guide are part of this text. Source codes of the program are included.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents implementation of operations backtrace and multiple-backtrace making derivation of input values for combinational logic circuits and addition of new heuristics. These operations are a part of any ATPG (Automatic Test Pattern Generator) tools and their implementation needs some modifications, which I have developed. At first, I present an analysis of well known ATPG tools with a view to possible contributions for my work. Next, I devote to motion of own implementation of chosen techniques, and a universal application core allowing an easy addition of new heuristics.

The final application derives input vectors from defined outputs and represents a valuable base for an addition of new heuristics, which can be realised by other students. Implemented heuristics use a support from the application core and they are reconfigurable without recompiling. In a subsequent diploma thesis I would like to develop a technique which generates complete input vector sets.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with evaluation of medicine questionnaires using Kohonen\\\'s neural network. First, stability of a network output is analyzed. Afterwards, an application for neurological department at the Motol hospital was implemented. This application contains built-in Kohonen\\\'s neural network which is used to cluster questionnaires data. It contains also a database of patients. Application gives a visualization of clusters and helps doctors to collect and evaluate patients\\\' data and provides a support for automated diagnosis.</td>]
[<td>This work represents results of creation of content management system for specialized economic portal, which also includes discussion forum.</td>]
[<td>With an increasing amount of Internet applications and services there is a need to keep an information back from unauthorized subjects. SSL protocol is considered an encryption standard in the Internet communication and its security is based on certificates. Ordinary users do not clearly understand how certificates work and therefore is it posible to perform a man-in-the-middle attack, which is based on a fake certificate. This attack is described and demonstrated in this work.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes implementation of hardware and part of software for a CAN/USB bus converter. The theoretical section contains short description of CAN specification in version 2.0 and USB with short analysis of design aspects of a CAN/USB converter. The practical section includes hardware design based on Hitachi H8S2638 microcomputer unit and Phillips PDIUSBD12 USB device controller and part of software (CAN driver for H8S2638).</td>]
[<td>This work presents design and implementation of packet header anonymization unit in FPGA. Packet header anonymization is very important for passive monitoring, which captures real user traffic and anonymization is responsible for preventing sensitive information from getting to the monitoring PC and beyond. The main task is to provide necessary modification in packets header\\\'s (e.g. clears/sets/randomize/hash IP address, ports) hiding these sensitive information. The anonymization unit is implemented in the VHDL language as an extension of existing monitoring HW used for passive monitoring. The controlling API functions are written in C language.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a design and implementation of an Internet presentation of the VLSI research group. The analytical part comprises of a selection of available technologies and standards to fulfill requirements of lucidity and usability in all common use browsers. The webpages are divided into a public and a private part. Both parts are implemented in chosen technologies (PostgreSQL a PHP). In the public part, the biggest accent was put on the safety and immunity of the application against possible attacks. In this part members of VLSI group present projects for students, news that occurred and publications that members published. In the private part an accent was put on functionality and immunity against unwanted mistakes or incompetencies. This part consists mainly of forms, that care for data inserted by members of VLSI group.</td>]
[<td>The result of this work is implementation of source code editor that supports multiple languages (also in one source file). The editor supports syntax highlighting, syntax check and context help. Implementation of module that realizes lexical and syntax analysis of the PHP language is included.</td>]
[<td>Module to the system Xoops. </td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This work deals with the unification of the wide range of various communication ser-vices for telephony, messaging and file transfer. The topic is studied also for non-internet environment. The text summarizes the advantages of unified access and possi-ble problems that are linked with the process of unification, and provides promising concepts of solutions.</td>]
[<td>Multi-gigabit serial lines are actual trend in chip-to-chip and  board-to-board communication. This work involves an analysis of hardware possibilities of programmable FPGA chips with focus on the serial communication. The most suitable communication protocol was selected and implemented in VHDL language. The resulting design was tested implementing simulations and hardware tests. Problematical parts of the design were stated from acquired results. he usage of serial lines enabled to reach several times faster communication speeds than in traditional bus approach. It was proved that the serial communication is appropriate for this field of application.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design and possible realizations of an internet shop including the concept for a specific implementation. The work further describes criteria for concept evaluation. These criteria are used to evaluate the suggested concept.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this work is to implement a publications database with an interactive web interface in which users will be able to look up publications according to some several criteria. Result of this search should be citations displayed in format according to one of the chosen norm and attached electronic publications. There is a discussion about possible using of some already existing systems, so as a comparison to the application I have already implemented. This work spontaneously familiarizes with the essential characteristics of similar databases designated to manage publications and gives you an opportunity to peep into the problems, which I solved by developing my own application. Part of the work deals with function tests and security questions.</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor\\\'s work has arisen from terms of the project /Digital Circuits Modelling with a View to Their Diagnostics/. It deals with transferring digital circuits to a graph model and solves problems with the help of some algorithms from the theoretical information science field. The aim of this work is to suggest a suitable form for graph representation in a disc file. When I use this method for the same problem, it is not necessary to use the format of ISCAS89, which is usually loaded and used. I need only to load the representation of this file, which would be more effective and saves a lot of time and uses less memory. Next aim those work them to a created graph mock - up numerical perimeter carry out chopping sequential perimeter on individual combinational parts. Subsequently these combinational parts can be employed in other they may employ in of other works and implement diagnostics. Once from such washing will perhaps even my subsequent graduation theses deal with sets of inputs and outputs vectors and input specification. Inputs file of digital circuit was selected the format ISCAS89. For others usage is selected entry resulting hacked part circuit to the file in format ISCAS89, programming language C and Pascal.</td>]
[<td>Simatic is a computer program which implements basic mathematical calculations in an intuitive graphic user interface. The system supports usage of variables, arrays of values and user-defined functions with a dif-ferent count of input parameters. The possibility of graph painting extends the sphere of activity of this tool to basic graphic analyses of mathematical functions. Some kind of programming structures such as cycles or branch on condition may also be used. This system doesn’t in any case contain the full spectrum of mathematical terms or functions. 
The system is designed in the programming language Java and that is why this program can be used in different operating systems.
</td>]
[<td>The work demontrates the principles of basic cryptographic methods with using the application developed for that purpose. In this paper we describe the theoretical basics of included methods, analysis, design, implementation and other phases of development cycle of demonstration application, as well as the summary of the final product made by this work.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this work is to analyse requests of authors of lecture notes and next, on the basis of this analysis, to design a implement such a system, if it is possible.</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor\\\'s thesis does a theoretical analysis and implementation of the draughts board game using a game-tree pruning strategy with a heuristic for evaluating the value of a position.
The first part describes the history and present of the draughts game along with the development of artificial intelligence algorithms for solving board games.
The second part describes the theoretical fundamentals for game trees and basic algorithms used for the implementation of the draughts game.
The design and realization are described in the next part, which handles technologies used (the Java programming language, the Java Swing libraries) and describes all parts of the application (artificial intelligence used, the basic object model, the PDN format - Portable Draughts Notation).
The fourth part handles evaluating the strength of the program\\\'s artificial intelligence based on players\\\' interactions with the program and a comparison of game-tree search
algorithms.
The final part summarizes the achieved results and proposes further possibilities of improvement.</td>]
[<td>This work describes new standard for wireless network ZigBee. ZigBee is a standard, which aim is to enable reliable, cost-effective, low-power, wirelessly networked monitoring and control device.
Next it describes development and realization of wireless network with standard ZigBee. The network consists of nodes of different kind for demonstration all parameters of ZigBee network standard, such as low-power, data standardization for device control and network topology.
Whole network is controlled via connected web server from internet. It’s possible to show whole network and node details, set device bindings and control devices.</td>]
[<td>This thesis comprises of two closely related parts. In the first part, the most typical degenerancies of polygonal models that originate in CAD systems are listed. Namely the errors are cracks, holes, T-joints, overlaps, dangling walls, duplicated geometry, self intersecting geometry, inconsistent normal orientation, invisible polygons, degenerated faces and concavity errors. Every error is described in detail, an example is given and detection and correction algorithms are presented. Detection methods of the most important of the named errors have also been implemented and are described in the second part of this thesis. 
The implementation is based on processing of boundary edges, which are used to detect most of the errors. Furthermore, the errors detectable by boundary edges represent the largest subset of errors and they represent the most common and the most serious of mesh degenerancies as well. By using boundary edges, we detect cracks, holes, T-joints, overlaps, zero volume parts and inconsistent normal orientation. Apart from these errors, we detect also some cases of duplicated geometry, degenerated faces, and concave faces. We do not detect self-intersecting geometry and invisible polygons.
Models with inconsistent normal orientation and T joints are also corrected. The output of the program is a list of errors present in the mesh. If there were T-joints or normal inconsistencies present in the input model a corrected model is provided in the output as well.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor\\\'s thesis deals with design and implementation of the safety equipment which for transmission information using GSM technology. The main target of this thesis is create GSM alarm, which will able to watch large area. Communication through GSM network will by mediating mobile phone connected to equipment. Control equipment will supply micro-controller. </td>]
[<td>My work contains research of Bluetooth usage in applications for mobile device. In addition
to detailed exploration of Bluetooth and J2ME the work consists of design and
implementation of sample application using Bluetooth transfer called BT Messenger. This
application serves as a communication platform, enabling two participants to connect their
mobile phones and send each other text messages (chat). My work contains also instructions,
how to quickly start programming application for mobile device.</td>]
[<td>This document describes design and implementation of system, which makes possible to record and manage an attendance of each employee. The system should replace existing time clocks and complicated paper handling.</td>]
[<td>This work provides a brief summary of basic software-testing techniques (including description of each phase). Knowledges about testing classic (procedural) programs are extended by specific trends in object-oriented application testing. Then the work aims at specific problems of testing web applications (mainly client-server type). According to gained experience, a methodology for testing applications of this type is brought up with emphasis on function, security and quality of user interface. Concurrently the possibility of function-diagnostic during the software development is inspected. This methodology is finally concretised for ArDiDo (Digital Document Archive) application.</td>]
[<td> The thesis deals with object detection and user navigation in a virtual town. The resultant system is an enhancement of Virtual Old Prague (VOP) project lead on the Computer Graphics Group at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering of the FEE CTU in Prague. The VOP project is a system for complex urban visualization.

This work adds to the VOP project an ability to keep historical and cultural information about objects in a virtual world, ability to search the objects on a user\\\'s request and to create virtual tours from found objects. The work also deals with generating of a valued graph of all paths in the town from geometric data describing particular town districts. This all leads to the effective navigation of a user. The implemented enhancement of VOP project is able to find the shortest route from a user in a virtual town to the searched object. The user can be navigated along the route in a virtual town. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis concern a subject of native XML databases from
the point of view of how to reuse what in domain of object data-
bases and database technologies was invented. The main endeavor
has been focused on evaluation such approaches in native XML
databases. It is researched the effectiveness of Object-Oriented me-
todologies when in use for native XML databases.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of the work is to design and implement a vehicle simulator. Vehicle movement is managed by the physics laws of motion in space. A scene consists of several terrain types (tarmac, grass, snow) affecting the driving properties of vehicle.</td>]
[<td>The chalenge of this thesis is to design and implement a new game engine, suitable for a car drive simulation in a virtual environment. The main task is to achieve both realistic car motion and  authenticity of graphical representation. Incoming scenes, such as models of town or its surrounding, are automatically generated (self-generated), thus their description needs to be well designed. Traffic simulator, controling motion of the other cars, is also included in the project.</td>]
[<td>This work is about writing static web pages from view of direct coding in (X)HTML by means of suitable editor tools. There are some available freeware editors described and most of their features discussed. The main goal of this thesis has been an implentation of such web editor in a intuitive way. </td>]
[<td>This study investigates in analysis and implementation of some parts of project management - time, resource and costs scheduling. implementation is realized as a web application using PHP script language and mySQL database.</td>]
[<td>There are a lot of things which we do not know about our ancestors. One of the most important task for anthropologists to determine the age of past populations. There is a method, based on observation of skeletal indicators, which can help. The aim of this work is to produce some data mining methods, especially methods derived from Bayesian approach, implemented in data mining tool WEKA. And also finding the optimal option of these algorithms to the dataset gained by anthropologic method.</td>]
[<td>There are many computer programs implementing the game of chess with various lever of the artificial intelligence. The purpose of this work was to study the techniques of the artificial inteligence of the game of chess and make an own implementation of the game with artificial intelligence. The result is a program with graphics interface and an artificial intelligence at an intermediate level.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to find out and show possibilities of voice interaction in the internet environment. It is objective to find out the suitable tools, which would faciliate both voice recognition and voice synthesis. Then by the help of these tools to
create a web server that will provide education of English language in a way of different grammar tests. The whole server should be designed so that with its support it would be possible to test users and due to voice interaction even persons with a visual handicap. In conclusion to valorize opportunities of voice interaction in the internet environment and analyse usability of these programs.
</td>]
[<td>This work describes the implementation of a tool for drawing syntactic diagrams of languages described by rules in the Extended Backus-Naur form. The result are images in many file formats.</td>]
[<td>The goal of bachelor work was to create application, which will be able to present location of
important points on a paper size of A4 to visually impaired person through the use of acoustic
navigation and then annotate this place.
This we wanted to achieve picking-up the scene with a digital camcorder, whereas the
data flowing from the digital camera will be processed in a real time. The searched object in
the scene will be users moving finger. We have chosen an algorithm, which is based on
comparison a pattern with an image. A spoken annotation is ensured with Text-to-speech
system.
We have implemented operational application, which we were able to test. The results
proved, that the application is useful in the desired way.</td>]
[<td>This work  deals with a problem of design, realization and testing an information system for documentation in a gymnastic organization.
The system enables an easy-way administration of statistics of exercises, sports instructors, gymnasts and prints summaries and attendance lists.
The output of this work is functional information system, which simplify work of train leaders in within the frame of the civil society Sokol. </td>]
[<td>Theme of this bachelor thesis is implementation of vector editor for drawing finite automata with specific data formats support like Vaucanson-G, Encapsulated PostScript or GraphML. Main work format for editor should be Vaucanson-G.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this document in not only to overlook the water surface models, their computational complexity and to implement appropriate methods for simulation in the real time, based on these notes, but also to overlook the possibilities of the modern graphic hardware for acceleration of the water surface simulation computing and it’s rendering. The next aim is to create the realistic illumination of the water surface by using programmable graphic cards, consequently create physical model of floating rigid objects, reacting on the water surface model, to implement interactive disturbance of the water surface and finally to summarize the results and to compare the software simulation with the graphic card simulation.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the principle of storing 3D-video signal into MPEG formats. It describes method for storing fully dimensional video into MPEG-2 format so that it could be used also by players without that do not support stereoscopic formats. One possible variant of player
implementation and playing technique for video production is presented here. Implementation part deals with the program for converting standard video MPEG-2 format into stereoscopic format. Results of work and its future elaboration are discussed in the conclusion of the work.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project is concerned with analysis of 3D area given us as huge amount of points and it’s decomposition on basics of Neural Gas algorithm and KNN algorithm. Purpose of this project is to adjust input data and cut to smaller files according to their subsequent 3D reconstruction by Kohonen’s net algorithm.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with a revision and extension of the middleware tool which enables the access to the IS KOS database for web-clients. Middleware tool was extended to support HTTP and its secure counterpart HTTPS. The language C/Pro*C is used for the programming and protocol HTTP(S) and the language XML are used for the interface to clients. The number of concurrent users, a throughput and an open functionality are the major aim of the work.</td>]
[<td>This work represents result of an attempt to design unified interface for accessing data from various sources using an object-oriented language. For implementation of the virtual filesystem was chosen Java because of being platform independent. Java application can directly use the filesystem API. The virtual filesystem provides also common interfaces for implementing access via various protocols.</td>]
[<td>Phonic expression has always been the primary mean of communication not only for human beings, but
also for animals. It constitutes an essential element of their mutual communication. Latest studies
of songbirds\\\' social behavior make it apparent that there are many parallels between the evolution
of birds\\\' natural vocalization and that of human speech. Besides imitation of words (those of human
beings) by itself,  it is their natural phonic expression that is of an overriding importance. This
way of expression can potentially contain even linguistic structures and thus reflect some of the
linguistic expression general features - that of a speech. We can identify this phenomenon also in
case of parrots, which are generally known for their highly developed ability of imitation.

\\</td>]
[<td>Computer Science solves a large quantity of various tasks. One of them is also searching for a given pattern in a text. Searching task can be further specified in several ways and is frequently implemented by finite automata and their simulations. Nondeterministic finite automaton can be constructed with a relatively low time complexity, however its nondeterminism doesn\\\'t enable direct use in praxis. Therefore is convenient to use deterministic finite automata, whose construction is more time-consuming. Nevertheless they search in time that is proportional to the lenght of the text beeing searched. Another alternative is to use a method of simulation of nondeterministic finite automaton.

In case the searched pattern has been changed during the process of searching it is necessary to modify the searching finite automaton, eventually its simulation corresponding\\\\-ly. In this thesis we demonstrate methods that implement this modification. We consider time complexity of these methods, implement them and analyze practical measurments.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a server logic of an n-tier application called HotelSystem. The entire system is based on Microsoft .NET 2.0 technology. It deals with aspects of reservations and commissions of accommodation facilities.  It has been designed for an environment of WWW. The resulting application provides a basic functionality of the system. The work includes a complete cycle of server logic development from an initial design through the creation of database, business layer and data access layer up to the resulting product. The document also describes development processes using components of chosen technology, which facilitate much more transparent and easier development of web applications.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the implementation of a tool for breaking recursive cycles in
LALR(1) grammars so that we could use the faster GLR analysis using the generator
implemented by J. Abraham, D. Setnièka, P. Bernát a ©. Urbánek. My work was based on
principles mentioned in article J. Aycock, N. Horspool, J. Janou¹ek, B. Melichar: Even Faster Generalized LR Parsing, which describes faster GLR parser for grammars without right and
hidden left recursion. This generator suposes an explicit definition of limit points in the
input file. These had to be found manualy by the user because the generator itself doesn`t
present any means of their automatic detection. My objective was to implement such tool
including writing declaration of obtained limit points in the output file.</td>]
[<td>The work provides integrated view on web content management systems. On one hand it includes basic definitions of types, on the other hand structured retrievals of available systems and their comparison according to the chosen criteria. The result of the work is to design and implement a modular content management system and to customize its design to experimental system for e-learning.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes the most known web-design methods. Description is based on the research of literature and internet information sources, mainly on the webdesign conference papers and articles. An important part is a review of all available CASE tools, supporting web-design methods from early requirements specification to automatic implementation of web information sites. A whole development cycle of a simple conference management system is shown within two web-design methods UWE andWebML. WebRatio &amp; WebML managed working example is provided.</td>]
[<td>This Master’s thesis represents essential work of the VRML and X3D languages with textures and proposes my method of optimization of these textures. The main principles of my method are algorithms aimed to create texture atlas, whereas one of the algorithms is completely assumed from literature and the other two were designed by myself. In order to test the methods, I have created a programme in the Java language that processes the VRML input file, loads the necessary graphic files and optimizes the textures by using one of the methods. Accordingly to the instructions of one of these methods, the programme creates the texture atlas and adjusts the VRML file so texture atlas can be used. I have conducted testing for optimization algorithms with all another and for optimized scene as against the original scene. The application has also been extended for the purposes of being used as servlet for internet web server.</td>]
[<td>This work presents design and implementation of an editor, which is able to work effectively with XML documents and PHP scripts. The editor provides color syntax highlighting, code indentation, working with projects and supports several languages and characters sets.</td>]
[<td>The goal of virtual human modeling is to achieve the representation of the main human characteristics as much realistic as possible. Such achievements allow to simulate or analyse in many virtual situations concerning human being. In the first place, simulation is useful for derivation of informations from models so as to predict and/or reproduce the behaviors which can be examined in real situations. Computer methods of visualization and simulation have a greate potential for progress in medicine, entertainment and recently also in computer gaming industry. 
Process of creation these models is very tedious. The most commonly used applications are 3D Studio MAX, Maya and Lightwave.
The aim of this work is to create a plugin for Maya application. This plugin should make it easy to model figures.
It should provide simplification and encapsulation of the majority of the reapeating rutins in the figures modeling.
It is also essential to bear in mind the size of the group which will use this plugin.
Thats why a great emphasis is put on his independence and interconnectability in the scope of Maya system.</td>]
[<td>The common topic of all experiments in this thesis is the vizualization of neural network behaviour. We had some difficulties dealing with the multidimensional character of the models, therefore we had to study and apply several concepts for multivariate data projection. Approaches proposed in this thesis are unique, so we spend a lot of time tuning them to be applicable to real-world problems. Finally we applied genetic algorithm preserving diversity to find interesting behaviour of neural network in multidimensional space.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with used algorithms for searching state space and evaluates their importance in general algorithm. Part of this work is program which can play any different games versus computer, their saving, loading and editing in game tree form and with many useful functions.
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This document describes generating of object-relational schema from the
conceptual data schema and an implementation of an appropriate generator
in the conceptual data modeler. The result of my work is functional ER
modeller version 4.1.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes the analysis of TCP state variables and packet header information for detection of performance problems. The design and implementaion of a communication performance analysis tool is presented. The program consists of a web service compatible with the perfSONAR measurement infrastructure and a Java applet client application. The performance analysis is based on data obtained from a packet trace file and internal state variables of the operating system kernel. The results of the measurement are graphs of selected variables and an outline of the identified bottlenecks.</td>]
[<td>Electronic learning brings to the educational system new possibilities and getting same the phenomenon of last years. This works represents individual design stage and development of application for electronic support of studies.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The work implements the repository for documents using content management system and confronts this implementation with current systems.</td>]
[<td>This work is dealing with the design and implementation of an electronic shop (e-shop), including administration system, system maintance. A part of this work are also usability tests performed on the projects results.
The application is  based on PHP platform and SMARTY templates. MySQL database was used as a data storage.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is the result of aspiration for new approach to electronic interlocking system, which supports PC controlling of railway stations. This work is not intended as a substitution for present system but it tries to show up possibilities of this aplication in future.</td>]
[<td>This work is focused on a communication analysis and implementation of an application used for communication between a
computer and a cell phone. Applications for cell phone managing are usually dependent on concrete manufacturer or phone
type. There is a concept and realisation of application, which communicates with different cell phones, as a result of
this analysis. This application allows user to manage phone book, receives and sends short messages (SMS). The
application can be run on desktop PC and also on PDA devices.</td>]
[<td>The technology of semantic web is considered as a next milestone of Internet expansion. It brings new possibilities which present applications are not able to utilize yet. This thesis proposes to design a solution of the system which implements a part of semantic web features for the Computer Department FEL CVUT. The system enables to download RDF data and its storage to the repository and subsequent searching through this data with help of created web portal.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis presents theoretical description of creating EDA (Electronic Design Automation) application for creating logical circuit schemes. Structural elements creating such application are described here along with possible methods of implementation and applicability of such implementation. I briefly described the very implementation of application and main classes used.</td>]
[<td>Karel Paryzek, comparing Java sources, approximate string matching.

This paper describes and implements the way how to compare Java sources using approximate string matching algorithm. It also solves the problem of creating pairs of procedures / functions to compare.</td>]
[<td>Editor for user-friendly creation of DTD files and their modification was created in this work. DTD (Document Type Definition) serves as a definition of a XML document. Thank to the lexical and syntax analysis implemented into the editor it is possible highlight syntax in a DTD document and check whether DTD document syntax matches given grammar. It is LL(1) grammar which consists of 130 rules. These rules are based on syntax definition described by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). Whole application was implemented in Java and therefore it is platform independent.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work discusses the development of application called Multiuser scheduling calendar. The application has three independent parts – client application, server and database. It is possible to write down meetings, classes, absence and arranged appointments into the calendar. The client application supports more working modes regarding the user (registered vs anonymous). The calendar offers several ways of making a record. The application utilizes its own
data format for importing and exporting time schedules with ease. Each user has his/her own calendar, which can be browsed by a validated person. The application enables inserting timetables from HTML files generated by KOS. The server enables concurrent work of more different users. Communication between the client and the server is encrypted by the Blowfish algorithm. The database implementation is based on MySQL 5.0 server.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this work is to design and implement software system for students testing
via dynamically generated tests concerning the data compression problems. The system tries
to help lectors to provide e-learning form of studying. However it provides a possibility for
student self-testing using trial test as well.</td>]
[<td>The thesis analyses the possibilities of music visualisation using light and other techniques. Visualisation is based on data acquired from music in real time. The thesis is focused on reaching such visualisation that corresponds with music produced with no need of human factor intervention.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to analyze and design model completely prepared for the developing team which must be able to build a fully functional software for money-broker company. Its work is specialized to sell the products of banking and insurance institution to client who ordered it or somebody recommend a product to him. The contract between client and moneybroker company is usually wrote on paper. The next operation in company (financial stream, indirect cost) are sou complex that there is a big opportunity to run information system over it. It will administer, control (under leader’s supervision) and remind the most important event. The information system (named \\</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to consider using native XML database system as a
data depository for a publishing system, by means of designing and creating own web
publishing system based on a native XML database.</td>]
[<td>Inductive methods such as Group Method of Data Handling (GMDH) are good in solving ill-posed tasks. Our past studies indicate that the task of the age estimation based on senescence indicators obtained from skeletons is ill-posed. In this work I apply the GMDH methods
implemented in the KnowledgeMiner software on the Antro and Building data. I also compare the KnowledgeMiner to another application the GAME simulator.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is the implementation of PPM compression method and the comparison with its modiﬁcations.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this thesis is to explore of of possible approach to visualization of complex data. Visualization of huge set of data present us problem: how to present information clearly, understandably and defectively without distortion and too far reduction. This thesis focus on mapping of existing research in Preatenative visualization and sonification for data representation. We create application which verify acquired information on sample data.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to create in C++ a program package for detection tautology of boolean functions. The functions are given by truth table in sum of products form. This program ought to operate on binary decision diagrams. This work at first explain basic notions about BDD and basic methods and algorithms used. At the end program is tested and confront with other implementations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents development and implementation of a communication interface between FLASH and SRAM memories and the Digilent D2E-MEM-DIO2 board. The developed interface supports access to memories in systems with and without a processor. The interface enables data reading, writing and erasing in both memories and it is implemented in the FPGA field Spartan 2E, which is a part of the mentioned board.</td>]
[<td>Many real-time operating systems like RTEMS schedules tasks according to their priorities.
However, the theoretical results expose that EDF scheduling brings better performance. It
gave me impetus to implement EDF scheduler in RTEMS.
   In fact, EDF ready queue is more difficult to implement than ready queue with fixed priority
levels since ready tasks have to be order by ascending absolute deadline that changes for each
instance of task and can take th evalue from wide range. I proposed and implementated the
EDF ready queue as Red-Black tree with tasks being directly nodes of the tree. This structure
has the linear space complexity. Time complexity of operations handling the queue is O(log2 n)
in the worst case.
   EDF scheduling requests for special resource access protocol. In this document I describe
implementation difficulties of such protocols and suggest the solution.
</td>]
[<td>System for evidence and rating of glider\\\'s flights according to rules of national gliding competition of Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>This thesis at its first part is focused on description and comparison of Java
frameworks. Cocoon, Struts and Tapestry was selected as representative
frameworks. Besides basic properties description a simple application was
implemented for each framework which was starting-point for final evaluation of
their advantages and disadvantages.

The second part of this thesis is attended to design and implementation of
content management system in selected framework which Struts became. The
content management system is a computer software system used for organizing and
facilitating collaborative creation of documents. Generally it is a web
application used for managing websites and web content. Implemented system is
using database MySQL and Apache Tomcat as an application server.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is designing a new packet filtering and intrusion detection system. Firstly, there is a description of the function of firewall and its basics types. It is followed by the description of some methods, which are used for attacking the end-station connected to the network or the network itself. Furthermore, it is focused on some of the packet filtering systems that are already in use. Finally, it describes the proposal of a new system.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The work describes basic principles of Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition (J2EE) and its main application programming interface. In detail it describes technology and syntax of JavaServer Pages and servlets and all this demonstrates on web application – presentation informations about the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.</td>]
[<td>The work documents the development of an information system designed as a teaching aid for the Computer Architecture course. It includes a research of existing solutions and a description of the website design and implementation processes. It also provides an introduction to some of the recent web technologies and a description of current trends in information system development.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes the procedure needed to measure depth in a pair of stereomicroscopic images.
The first part concerns the history of stereomicroscopes and deeper analysis of the problem. A stereomicroscope construction and constraints rising from the structure are described here.
In the second part the calibration of stereomicroscopic images is explained. In this part there is also included an implementation of the procedure in MATLAB programming language. 
The last part includes the procedure recommended for the measurement in a pair of stereomicroscopic images and the closure with discussion about measurement precision.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with design and implementation of rehabilitation application with help of Virtual Reality. Such application could by used in modern neurorehabilitation of patients following different brain damages. This paper is based on findings in psychology and neuropsychology and uses them to define final implementation requirements. The thesis put emphasis on modern means of communication (Internet) usage, so that the rehabilitation is not dependent on particular hospital facility.</td>]
[<td>This work solves remote and multiuser access to the neurochip accelerator ZISC 036 (Zero Instruction Set Computer), manufactured by IBM. The accelerator\\\'s hardware implements a simplified version of the RBF (Radial Basis Function) type networks. Access to the accelerator is provided via www interface which functions were designed to show the students  how this accelerator works. The designed interface controls all important accelerator\\\'s functions – learning, recognition,  accessing,  saving and restoring the networks\\\'s internal state. The server part of the application was completely designed to run on the GNU/Linux platform. The web application created in the PHP language executes the user\\\'s operation on virtualization kernel using the XML/RPC technology. Thanks to this technology it is possible to run with the new remote access library also the the old ZISC applications without any changes. </td>]
[<td>This work represents documentation of a generic electronic commerce. This solution enables all standard functions that are required from those systems. In addition, it permits support for more languages, stock and invoice management. Solution is drawn up as a module for the publication system XOOPS. </td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>Program that enables using discussing service of server Lide without web browser. Client interprets html code generated by server and emulates important JavaScript function.</td>]
[<td>Main goal of this document is to create manual for editing current Microchip USB firmware to fit any application. Prerequisite is the study of available development tools and PICDDEM FS USB demo board for USB device development.
	Big part of this work is dedicated to analysis of current firmware. In the analysis are highlighted key points, which differ two devices of the same USB class. On this analysis is based the following manual for editing the firmware. All pieces of knowledge are then summarized and used in implementation of two sample devices. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this diploma thesis is create a tool for Alias Maya Software, which is able to create polygonal model of human head according to some specific parameters. The second part of application\\\'s functionality is to create animation according to some text input. Application was developed as a plugin. Alias Maya disposes of complex API and offers many possibilities to extend it\\\'s functionality. The main problem was to design theoretically basic principle of parametric model creation and the other thing was to understand the Maya API. During main analysis was designated, application will use some basic prototype and by appliing deformations will be created new head model.</td>]
[<td>The main target of this project is to design and to implement sound effects on field programmable gate array (FPGA).
I focus on delay effects, especially on echo. First I explain how
works basic echo, then echo with feedback and finally I describe
mutli-tap echo. Then I acquaint with requirements on designed core.
In the second part of this work I describe whole design of all units
used in the system, realization and implementation on specific FPGA.
The last part is dealing with verification. It is about behavioral
simulations, where I verify function of designed units in system.</td>]
[<td>Self-organizing maps (SOM) are popular tool for data cluster analysis. In our department we develop application called NeuralZoom, which should make possible to study clusters in detail. Application does not allow visualizing where in map the samples arelocated.
In this work we analyze clusters using SOM in anthropological data. The goal is to say if the data are useful for the determination the age of death. In this work we also interpret the nformation encoded in Self Organizing Maps.
We improved NeuralZoom so, it is now possible to show sample’s location in the map and we discovered a fault in distance calculation.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with proposal and implementation ART (Adaptive Resonance Theory) neural network in neural networks’ simulator called SiMoNNe (Simulator of Modular Neural Network). The implementation was tested on practical experiments with data obtained from UCI database. The experiments will be used in interactive CourseWare for education of Neural nets and neurocomputers (36NAN) course. Based on the
experiments the ART implementation was compared to CALM (Categorizing and Learnig Module) and SOM (Self Organizing Map) neural networks.</td>]
[<td>The integration of applications into an enterprise portal is one method of enterprise application integration. In comparison to other forms of application and data integration, this offers lower costs and easier implementation using the common internet browser as a native user interface.
	This work, after first comparing different integration methods, gives a detailed description of the possibilities for the implementation of the SUN Microsystems´ Java Enterprise System (JES). Detailed descriptions of individual JES components, as well as specific example of the implementation of portal server in chosen organisation is included.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work is researching and comparing the selected tools for invoice accounting available on Czech and Slovak software market. In second part of this work, there is designed and implemented an application for easy invoice accounting based on development environment Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0. Output print reports are created using XML language and formatted using XSLT transformations. This application is also supporting export to e-banking systems using ABO file format, which should be absolutely certain because of users comfort.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with mapping of relational database content to the form suitable for machine processing, into semantic web metadata. It also describes ways of creating ontology for these metadata.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis solves the implementation  problem of description data (metadata) using internationally respected standard Dublin Core and related standards to the existing diploma thesis archive of the Czech technical university. Archive had only it\\\'s own simple structure of metadata before solving  this thesis, which recorded only basic data about inserted thesis author.
In the framework of this thesis there were designed and implemented an application named Digital archives catalogue, which will be used for metadata recording of more archives, searching in the records, generating statistical informations about archive\\\'s traffic, and to make the records accesible only for authorised group of users. The goal is to design an universal, easy to use and flexible application, which is ready for expected future development of CTU\\\'s complex digital archive.    </td>]
[<td>This thesis describes and compares contemporary techniques of stereoscopy. It specifies advantages and disadvantages of used hardware. Moreover, it tries to encompass and analyze all accessible projection methods. In additions to secondary research two different works were realized. Firstly a stereoscopic installation was implemented using real-time passive interactive projection. Secondly, a stereoscopic plug-in for Autodesk Maya environment was put in practice. Final evaluation is provided.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project was to create an editor, which is able to create general diagrams
and schemes. A user will be able to draw some objects on a drawing area, e.g. squares,
rectangles, ellipses or circles, including text labels and bind these elements by joines. It
will be possible to specify or change some attributes, e.g. thickess of the joins or outlines
and background colors of nodes etc. There must be a possibility to import user-defined
nodes. The output of the program is an xml file which describes just drawn diagram.</td>]
[<td>This project deals with Java 2 Micro Edition technologies. It gives a basic outline of possibilities in development of applications for various mobile devices. It also contains a tutorial  which leads you through configuration of IDE environment that will be used for development of your application under J2ME JDK and framework Nextel Toolkits.
The result of this project is a Money Manager – an application usable in field. It’s gathering and subsequently evaluating information about user’s expenses. The documentation for this project also contains comparison of similar applications available at the market.</td>]
[<td>To solve the pattern matching problem, we can take advantage of the finite auomata theory. Nondeterministic finite automaton (NFA), corresponding to existing searching problem, is usually easy to construct, but it cannot be used directly because of its nondeterminism. Equivalent deterministic finite automaton (DFA), obtained by transforming the NFA can theoretically have up to 2^|Q| states, where |Q| is a number of states of considered NFA. This could be too much in practical use, therefore in these cases we can use a method that simulates a run of NFA. Most general is the basic simulation method, for approximate pattern matching (using Hamming, Levenshtein or Damerau distance) were designed simulation techniques called dynamic programming and bit parallelism. Goal of this thesis is  to inspect other possible methods of simulation of nondeterministic finite automata (focused on the searching automata) and to compare their results (time and space complexity) with methods presented in previous works. One of the method uses the failure function, the other is based on depth-first search algorithm (DFS). </td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the realization of complex system of self-testing circuits testing. The self-testing property and fault security is observed. Testing was done on set of benchmarks. This testing was realized in FPSLIC from ATMEL Company. Dynamic partial reconfigura-tion (driven from embedded AVR) was used to put faults into the FPGA.
This thesis also describes all logic needed to be added to circuits to ensure the measuring of fault security, self-testing and totally self-checking properties. Complete design flow from benchmark to bitstream with benchmark in testing environment is described in detail. Some software tools were made to safeguard the automatic VHDL source code generation and bitstream generation, as much automatic, as possible.
Measuring with couple of benchmarks was done. Results were compared with software simulation of fault injection. 
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This document takes advantage of the method of approximations to deal with the problem of positional data formated in NMEA0183 received from GPS. The approximation should lead to the decrease in number of data in the maintenance of the adequate accuracy for the map display. Together with this requirement it is necessary to save the data in a simple format and thus to simplify their further conversion into other ones which have already been implemented (e.g. KML of the software GoogleEarth). The whole implementation is worked out in Java language.</td>]
[<td>This work deal with circuits called barrel shifters. These function is make shifts of bits. In this work differents kinds of barrel shifters and shifts are described. I also described boards Digilent D2E-DIO2-MEM1 and Digilent XCR Plus  at which  barrel shifters were tested.. The result of my work is  comparison of time delay and area of occupied part of chip for differents kinds of barrel shifters.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the analysis and design of the CoolRISC CR816L 8-bit processor instruction set simulator. The work also contains the prototype implementation of the solution in the high level programming language Java and its description.</td>]
[<td>This work describes analysis, design and implementation of so-called three-player auction marriage as a single-player computer game, where two remaining players are computer controlled. The auction marriage is one of the most complex card games which can be played with classic bohemian cards. The application was implemented in Java programming language.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The main goal of this project is design and implementation of a web counter. Counting of accesses is realized by including generated image into a HTML code of monitored web presentation.

Web counter allows to monitor a visit rate of arbitrary number of registrated web presentations. The results of measurements are available in the form of statistics.</td>]
[<td>This work is the result of several-week cognition of the multi-agent world which is often complicated no less then the human one.</td>]
[<td>The theme and subject of this work is the creation of library modules that enable to approach the diagnostic functions of control vehicle units by way of bus CAN, which seems to be, in the view of the future development, most perspective. It will be simple to program any control unit application with the support of the elaborated modules. The objective of this work is not to implement all diagnostic functions, but only to implement transparently individual communication layers. As the first stage I had to map all relevant protocols and standards and chose the appropriate to be implemented. In the second stage of the work I am dealing with the analysis of these protocols, and above all with the communication principles, in order to be able to implement the protocols thereafter. The implementation has been verified and checked in the OS Windows user mode, from which certain limitations emerge. I would like to continue to develop further on the subject of this work in my dissertation as I continue my studies. I plan to transfer the modules directly in to the operation system kernel driver and implement other protocols in use.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes a process of modeling CVUT Fel Dejvice with Allplan software and implementation of search algorithm.</td>]
[<td>One of requirements by designing and implementation of any application, that communicates over computer network in real time, is a good testing of communication depending on conditions of the network, where it is run. The aim of this diploma thesis is the analysis of posibilities of testing net communication on the network with defined parameters.

The main part of the thesis is to create an experimental network emulator, which will be easily deploy and which will enable us to set in advance some statistical characteristics of computer network and than practic verifiing of functionality and behaviour any application communicating over computer network.</td>]
[<td>The function of this work is to explore the technology of Java Web Start, related components, operational process and developer requirements. Then to use these experiences for the design and testing of a modul for preparation Java Web Start applications and for its implementation. The first part of this work is aimed at the explanation of the problems related to Java Web Start and the second part is aimed at the design of the modul and its implementation. </td>]
[<td>The destination of this diploma these was to design and create a HW supervision system. Compare to existing tools, this system is in addition modular. That means it offers simple methods to later create new modules and connect them to an existing system. During the development I mainly aim at design of infrastructure for connecting these modules.
The result of this diploma these is a library for creating and handling of a modular application and a HW supervision system as the first application of the library.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this Thesis is to create a tool for vector drawing any graphic elements. The tool should be able to allow the user to change some parameters, such as raster size and raster density. The program input is a text file describing a schematic diagram of a circuit (netlist). The program output is in a vector format (Enhanced Metafile Format). Therefore, i am briefly describing the pros and cons of the most common vector formats. The program also includes a library for drawing schematic symbols of logic gates and a main parser, which 
converts input data to the inner circuit representation. As, in my following dissertation, I am about to implement an algorithm for automatic generation of schematic diagrams, my thesis contains a brief description of existing techniques.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is creation of part of web portal used for work in The Usability Laboratory. Task of this part is laboratory reservation and possibility of usability test scheduling. At first the needs for work in laboratory and necessary functions are analyzed, after that is decomposed logic concept and user interface. In the final part we describe an implementation and function tests. Finally we bring in possibilities of extension. </td>]
[<td>This work deals with proposed design and implementation of the ADOP processor,
which is a direct succesor to the DOP processor. The core of the work is to explore
different design possibilities of GPR based architecture, that could be used in teaching.</td>]
[<td>From the literature study some of the modern methods solving the covering problem ( methods based on \\</td>]
[<td>This bachelor project deals with a conversion of the CUDD package (Colorado University Decision Diagram Package) under Microsoft Windows operating system. The CUDD package provides routines for manipulation with binary decision diagrams (BDDs), algebraic decision diagrams (ADDs) and zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams (ZDDs). The theory on binary decision diagrams is discussed first, which is followed by a short reference to zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams and algebraic decision diagrams. Description of the CUDD package and of the way how to work with it is presented below. The most important part is the description of my work on given tasks – conversion of CUDD package under Microsoft Windows operating system, object interface extension and implementation of a function for reading pla files.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with various approaches to implementing FIR filters into the Xilinx
FPGA circuits. It starts with the design of the control unit (the MicroBlaze microprocessor),
then defines the FIR filter and the parameters necessary for its design. The text contains step-by-step instructions for designing FIR filters in the MATLAB software environment and instructions on using Xilinx Platform Studio when implementing the FIR filter in Xilinx
FPGAs. In the second part the thesis compares particular FIR filter implementations with respect to power consumption. In the final part the text definition self-adaptation and its possible usage for FIR filters with optimized power consumption.</td>]
[<td>This document is concerned with creation of sample laboratory projects – circuits for crossroads simulation – for hardware courses. On the basis of properties of selected boards is selected scheme of simulated crossroad. The choice is made with respect to understandableness of displayed information on these boards. In the case of board „Semafor“, which was originally designed for communication with PC, is here described process of design of all purpose usable interface, trough which can „Semafor“ and D2E-Dio1 boards communicate.</td>]
[<td>The work represents how data are stored on disk using Unix file system structure. It shows us how and where are these data stored on physical hard disk. In detail illustrate all hierarchic tree structure, what is I-node and which information carries about files. Result of UFS research is program showing playfully how data are stored on disk.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>Following essay analyze different questions of university student\\\'s daily routine. Main part is focusing on design and implementations of web application, that ensure funcionality of managing objects subject and study program. Great emphasis is also placed on introduction in way of developing web applications using JSP/servetls and Jakarta Strusts framework.</td>]
[<td>This document is based on OpenDocument v1.0 specification, an OASIS standard. It comprises of  covering the history background of the OpenDocument standard, covering some of its interesting features and its comparison with the similar document format by Microsoft. Next part contains further description of the XML format used in OpenDocument and native XML database called CellStore. This database is used as data storage and is basis for application, which allows its users to browse, seek and  share documents between multiple users.</td>]
[<td>The task of this work is to design and realize a sales info database for an airplane producer. The prime object of application is to facilitate, accelerate and particularize the order processing and offer the support to the clients in an action of ordering. In implementation the accent on luxury is going to be put to use,transparency and an easy accessibility for all sorts of users. The system interface will be realized as a web application which will allow the access to all users in all over the world.</td>]
[<td>The documentation is an inseparable part of the developed product. The creation of such document is very time consuming because it has to undergo a long process of development with regards for keeping the consistency of design. Programmers and designers must consult lots of such documents stored on multiple places. This work describes an
analysis of an editation module which is the component of a knowledge base based on a semantic wiki system and technologies of semantic web. In this work are summarize the properties of knowledge base systems and basic requirements of its creation. Subsequently an analysis of existing WYWIWYG editors is performed and finally the implementation of modifications of the chosen editor is performed which must correspond to the requirements defined in the first part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This work presents a newly created system of visualisation of source
code and used data structures. It informs about reasons why to use
visualisating tools. It emphasizes the need to use anotations in the
source code to mark data structures. It describes how the system was
constructed and just after used in the work. It explains some of the
reasons why that way was elected and how to use the work in praxis.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis analyses and implements an echo physical principle using digital signal
processing in FPGA technology.
The first part introduces the reader into the world of digital signals, the echo physical
phenomenon and familiarizes him with the topic of this thesis.
The following parts define structure of the thesis, plan of the work progress and compares the
known solutions usable for the echo implementation.
The analytic part examines the echo principle and discuses its possible solutions. Then it
analyzes possible algorithm alternatives, defines the algorithm and prepares the
implementation.
The Návrh implementace chapter descibes at length process of programming the circuit
according to the used algorithm, including partial simulations of separate components,
determining of precise timing and a controler design.
The Testování chapter then descibes simulations of the whole circuit. First I used short
simulations to test the basic functions, then I simulated functionality of the circuiot on a real
music file using the ModelSIM program.
The closing part then contains discussion of the results, conclusion and possible further
improvements.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to support the video output of the MicroBlaze processor, which was implemented on ML401 evaluation platform from Xilinx and equipped with uClinux operating system. The goal of this thesis is also to research the basic principles of OS Linux device drivers development and the basic principles of OS Linux video output support in embedded systems.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the possibility of use of CASE tools and UML language in software development process. The main part is focused on a design and implementation of own metaCASE Tool, that will allow drawing class diagram, use case and activity diagram.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with conversion of context-free grammars to LL(1) grammars and
consecutive syntax analysis of them. Problems contextual with this conversion are analyzed
too. Selected algorithms for setting-up context-free grammars, procedure of implementation
of this program and user guide of program are a part of this issue. The objective of this thesis
is to implement the courseware for visualization of the progress of syntax analysis of contextfree
languages.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This bachalor thesis is about a problem of optimization. Concreatly it is about optimization
of units of neural network GAME. This thesis includes theoretical part, where is the description
of some optimization methods, and it also includes practical part. There was created an
implementation of algorithm of differential evolution. This implementation was tested on some
choosen data sets. On the same data sets were aplicated other optimization methods too. This
results was compared to results of algorithm of differential evolution. High quality of created
algorithm was prooved.</td>]
[<td>The work presents a program for effective transfer of files between computers. In the first part of the work the existing protocols for the transfer of files (FTP, SFTP and Rsync) are closely analysed and their advantages as well as drawbacks causing the ineffectiveness identified. Based on this analysis the new program eliminating the main drawbacks of these protocols is designed and implemented. The implementation concentrates mainly on effectiveness, security, universality and easy extendability, protocol-independence and the possibility of both interactive and batch operation. Finally, the performance of the existing file-transfer programs is measured and compared with the performance of the presented program.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on an analysis of the study agenda of a small-scale university and corresponding data flows. After the analysis of operations connected with university education, the work continues with application data model design and its transfer to particular database system, MySQL. Then, the communication and service functions are projected and in the PHP programming language implemented for the database service. These functions create together the application interface for composing a study agenda information system of a smaller university.</td>]
[<td>Developing new features for a product while trying to keep them consistent with the design of the whole product means the designers and programmers have to cross reference many documents scattered across multiple repositories which is both time and effort consuming. This thesis describes the first steps in creating a knowledge base management system based on a semantic wiki and semantic web technologies. We do the analysis of a number of similar systems that are being currently developed, choose the one best suited for our needs and start its modification. We show that the documents need new syntax and therefore a new parser and new visualisation therefore a new renderer and provide notes of their implementation. The system when completed we hope will help the designers and programmers working on the NetBeans IDE reduce the time and effort of consistency checking.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to give a compact overview and comparation about sound digitalization and it\\\'s implementation. The second part is about throughout comparing the single libraries used for sound processing and sound digitalization. There are also compared the most frequently used
audio formats and the differencies in between them. The last part is the implemantation itself, using the C language and the examples showing the functionality mentioned in this work.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is transmit sound by using BlueTooth canal. Data are digitalized from analog signals. Digital data are consenquently transit to the PC.</td>]
[<td>Program debugging and within connected logging presents by application development routine operation which is useful to automatize. This work presents solution with using of aspect oriented programming in log creation and propose either set of classes suitable for log analysis. Part of this work is implementation of solution in programming languages AspectJ and Java.</td>]
[<td>This work is about design and development of a web application for creation and publication of on-line surveys, targeted primarily at social scientists with high requirements and low technical knowledge. A software methodology is applied to achieve the goal. The work builds upon an already existing application found in the course of preparation and is implemented in PHP for it\\\'s high availability. The application was modified and extended to satisfy all essential requirements necessary to make it usable for the end-of-term evaluation of courses at the Faculty of Humanities of Charles University in Prague.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this work is to design and implement user interface for information system of a small private university. First part is dedicated to the design structure and functionality of user interface. Next step is to design the visual layout of interface and choose a method of the implementation. After the process of implementation comes user test, which verifies functionality of the created interface. The result of this work is a complete information system, composed of an application program interface and user interface.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is engaged in J2EE web application architecture based on Spring framework. This architecture is used for “Systém pro podporu spravy projektu” application implementation.
Spring framework, Apache Tomcat, Hibernate and MySQL technology is put together into one cooperating complex.</td>]
[<td>This thesis undertakes problem of optimisation of CDAWG, which acts the key role in the program for gene searching. CDAWG is compact suffix automaton, which allows to index the text and perform searching in it in linear time with respect to length of the pattern. The optimisation is based on two main ideas: First, it takes advantage from small, four symbol alphabet of DNA. Next, it utilises the fact, that CDAWG build upon DNA text has specific distributions of values of its parameters. This distributions are rather independent on organism, from which DNA originate. The whole CDAWG is stored in single continuous block of memory - bit stream. Nodes of CDAWG are topologically ordered and transitions are stored as relative pointers to this bit stream. This pointers tends to be small, as topological ordering leaves related nodes close together. This topological ordering has also big influence on reduction of memory requirements of CDAWG.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis includes description and comparison of different implementation techniques for the development of massive multiplayer on-line games, which work as a client/server applications. It focuses on communication with a large number of users, description of protocols that can be used in such communication, their function and comparison. Also a description of the so-called motion prediction is given, for proper rendering of user movement in other client programs. Furthermore this thesis compares different types of database management systems and approaches for storage of various types of data on the server, to be used within the on-line game.
A description of design and implementation of a client and a server program for a simple massive on-line game is given in the implementation part. Client includes a 3D renderer to display the game-world and methods for the user’s keyboard and mouse input processing, through which the user controls his character in the game.
Server application is a program with text output, which carries out the function of a central for synchronization and data relaying in-between users, who are connected to it.</td>]
[<td>Basic task of this work is to analyse all management needs of a company in financial sector and to develop simple business processes for its operation. This project contains a system for monitoring and operational analysis of financial reports and with basic models it could create several budgets and forecast plans. The whole process is then demonstrated with some financial data, which will be shown in several reports.
The whole work is realised in Oracle environment. It was developed in Oracle Financial Analyzer (OFA), which is an aplication frontend of Oracle Express (OES) database. Data is loaded from an ERP system - Oracle 10g database.</td>]
[<td>Sensor networks represents pespective area with wide range of applicability. We focused our attention on a relatively new network standard (published in dec. 2004). This work represents an effort to describe issues tied to wireless network simulation design and provides some basic ideas how to resolve these issues with help of modern simulation mechanisms with keeping in mind computational effectiveness of published ideas. In individual chapters there are discussed proposals for creating such simulation and there is described an approach of bulding an example simulation program providing simulation of a set of basic capabilities of the network.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this project is to implement the input and output
conversion of a subset of the VHDL
language into the current EDA (Electronic design automation) system. This
project consists of
an analysis part, describing the selected subset of VHDL language to be
implemented, and the description of the very implementation
into the structure of the EDA system. Further the project contains a part
describing the EDA system, implementation and testing of implemented modules.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma work and its primary issue is to determine and demonstrate the implementation possibilities of collaborative software based on the Macromedia Flash platform. The mentioned software is represented with the simple game engine for which a thorough analysis was accomplished along with the implementation of the necessary attributes. Furthermore the attributes of Macromedia Flash, which are crucial for the subject matter analysis, were tested. The result of analysis and tests forms the project of possible implementation method of the interface and application objects in the way to ensure the time synchronization of proper application functioning. The project also suggests algorithms and its support for decreasing the line’s latency impact affecting the game continuity.</td>]
[<td>This thesis contains description of video coding problems with current technologies. It explains assumptions for each technology, what aspects affect their development and what results can be reached. Objective of this thesis is to make an overview about actual and previous principles of video coding implementations – video codecs. The next goal is to compare features of each codec, possibility of its application, its advantages and disadvantages, and also the quality of encoded video data for each codec. In this thesis it is possible to find introduction into technical problems, where the basic conceptions of human visual system are described, and the principle of visual perception forging base for making each codec’s implementation is explained. Also you can find here description of TV signal transmission, its digitalisation and description of colour models. The next included is explanation of basic principles of still image coding, namely discrete cosine transformation, and discrete wavelet transformation that are used, e.g., for JPEG coding, and the principles of video coding applied in compressed video sequences MPEG. Further section contains description of each codec. It deals especially with implemented codecs in compliance with standard MPEG, codecs in compliance with recommendation of ITU-T organisation or codecs used for home video. There are described the multimedia containers, too, which use the codecs mentioned above to encode their content. The next part describes possible methods of codec testing and there are proceeded tests of nowadays winning codecs – those in compliance with standard MPEG-4. The conclusion summarizes contribution of this thesis, general evaluation of the accessible codecs and presumption of codecs progression.</td>]
[<td>The work is dealing with a unified system of some libraries, which will make basic programming in the field of computer graphics easier. That system consists mainly of mathematical libraries working in 3D space and also other auxiliary libraries. The goal is to implement individual libraries and work out their documentations. During the production emphasis will be laid on the fact that the work will be an instrument supporting education.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with storage of metadata for a diploma these repository system. We analyzed metadata standards like DublinCore  and RDF. The main contribution is a software library for intelligent extraction of metadata from a text. Further, we analyzed problems with converting PDF files to a plain text, especially including czech encoded characters.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this thesis is an implementation of 4GL editor. At first this thesis describes today\\\'s possibilities of modern source code editors. It analyzes the process of creation of source code editor in Java programming language and contains  specific description of implementation of the editor. The end of this thesis presents qualitative and quantitative testing procedure of a final product.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to design and produce a web application. This application offers a control of alarms, administration of linked actions, users and alarms. Application communicates with alarms via SMS. Application is able to display a position of subject on the map. Administration of actions, users and alarms is made via database. The important property of the system is its security. This application is a part of a project which consists of a client application, server application and hardware devices.</td>]
[<td>This work represents literature search in the field of testing applications and design of methodology for testing web application. The aim of this work is to provide simple plan for testing of concrete web-based application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents an algorithm for visual modeling of glacial erosion using ideas of the mechanical friction method. The algorithm is based on the Coloumb friction model and a simplified physical model which provides the dynamics of the simulated phenomenon. The main goal is to design and implement it so that the algorithm provides data in a reasonable time with certain user control over the process. The algorithm works with a rock layer and a glacier present above this layer. Subsoil is exposed to a mechanical impact of the glacier and a moraine arises out of material which is abraded and transported by the glacier. The result is a landscape sculptured by an imaginary glacier.</td>]
[<td>The task of project is to create a data converter. The main feature is changing analog input signals to values (typical SI-units) of wind speed and direction or global solar radiation. After converting, the results are being sent to a main master unit called M4016 or to PC with installed program MOST.</td>]
[<td>This thesis summarizes the research on the use of tone mapping operators on modern graphics hardware in real-time applications. The investigated operators range from simple ones to some of the most complex. It evaluates the possibilities of today\\\'s graphics hardware for the implementation of these operators. Various operators and similar techniques are implemented and thoroughly assessed considering their visual quality and suitability for the use with graphics cards. Futhermore, a generic framework is developed for testing and comparisson of the operators on a simple 3D scene.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The essay analyzes and puts into effect an instrument that enables members of the SH club to manage in a simple and secure way the funds they may want to spend on services offered by the club in the future. </td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This work describe proposal and implementation programs for working with peripheral circuits placed on the development kit dsPICDEM™ 2 Development Board and peripheral circuits of microcomputer series dsPIC30. One part of this work is presentation development environment MPLAB IDE and tool MPLAB ICD 2 for debugging software and programming microcomputer.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with NEAT (NeuroEvolution Of Augmenting Topologies) - it is a state of the art evolutionary system for optimizing topology and parameters of recurrent neural networks.
This area of research attracts considerable interest at present. In order to experiment with the algorithm, system is implemented in Java programming language. Then experiments to reproduce previously published results are performed. Work continues with the proposal of a modified system DC NEAT which is then compared to original NEAT. 2-D and 3-D visualizations of recurrent neural networks are proposed and implemented.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to enable reading of electronic books on pocket size PCs with PalmOS operating system by designing and implementation of suitable application software.
The whole project goes by RUP philosophy with regard to easy expansion and adjustment into the future.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with design and implementation of a user interface of an n-tier application called HotelSystem. This application is based on Microsoft .NET 2.0 technology (ASP.NET 2.0 for web user interface). Specifically, the application is a hotel reservation and
commission system in a WWW environment. The result of this project is an application offering the basic functionality of the hotel reservation system. This work is focused on the entire cycle of user interface development, from initial design, layout and tests to the final product. In this work, there is also described the usage of some features of .NET 2.0 that make development of web applications much more comfortable and transparent.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with computer graphics imaging methods. Specifically, it focuses on the issue of filling in of areas whose boundaries are given by Bézier cubic curves. The objective of the solution was to develop a new algorithm making use of the existing graphic cards basic functions (efficient rendering of triangles and depth buffer). In order to test the quality of this algorithm and compare it with other solutions, a simple test application was implemented.</td>]
[<td>The tempLab system is designed to test PROFINET industrial network that’s based on the 10Base T Ethernet standard. The main functionalities are the option to independently break the RX and TX wires in an Ethernet cable and the option to use two LAN switches for an immediate network configuration change. The wire breaking allows simulation of communication interruption while the configuration change allows for example a short time connection of a measurement device or a generator. Both the breakers and the switches can be set completely independently in several start modes and with times defined in 21ns steps. Other offered functions are temperature measurement with up to sixteen thermal probes and turning up to sixteen tested devices on and off.

The whole tempLab device is connected by an USB cable to a controlling PC that controls all the functions. There are two applications dedicated to the function control. The first one is a GUI application that allows easy control of the tempLab’s correct functionality and its easy calibration. The other one is represented by a support library for Python script language that will be used to write the PROFINET tests. Both applications communicated with the tempLab device via a common DLL library that can be in the future easily used for any other application that will need to communicate with the tempLab device.</td>]
[<td>There is designed ISA interface for VHDL module – VHDL Analyser – in this diploma thesis. The interface is designed for develop ISA card ITR-M104. The card is developed by UniControls Corporation. This work designs and implements a program module for controlling ISA card ITR-M104 and sending UDP packets to Ethernet. This work also defines communication protocol for sending traffic on MVB to Ethernet.</td>]
[<td>Design and implement a method for reliable recognition and execution of voice commands in a mobile environment (PDA) with restricted possibility of work with classic visual UI. To increase reliability of the recognition the context will be used, to select subsets of words for the recognition machine. Contextual information and the dictionary will be stored in OWL format. The validity of the subsets of words will be tested in „real“ environment. The thesis concurs to the thesis of previous student.</td>]
[<td>The work presents design and implementation of an application, which is able to measure speed of 2D pattern matching algorithms. It also contains analysis of some pattern matching algorithms and results of their speed measurements.</td>]
[<td>In present days, there exists many operating systems, everyone using
own specific system for storing data. Following this idea tens of
file systems were work out, every with its advantages and
disadvantages.
Many of these storing systems are business
secrets and their implementation is not publicly accessible. To
achieve maximal system universality developer teams try to overcome
these movements and allow any operating system use any file
system.</td>]
[<td>This work is dealing with the design and implementation of a simply information system for
direction of student\\\'s hostels and with problem of object databeses. The application is using
script language called JSP with framework Struts and object database Db4o.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the process of giving specification by a customer to a SW company. It examines information interchange between customer, analyst and other developers. It brings in its own methodics for starting SW projects based on user enviroment and offers simple tool which uses this approach.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about an implementation of an application for the support of manual measuring of the object sizes on image with accent of purity particles in oils. The images can be taken from the files or from analogue camera. The measurement on the snapshot is based on a simple vector diagram. It is possible to measure lengths, areas and angles.</td>]
[<td>A long time Sleep EEG recording is very important in diagnosis of many diseases and sleep difficulties. For easier diagnosis it is necessary to know so called sleep stages. Because manual Sleep stages scoring is a time consuming work, there is a constant desire to automate the process. The automation is discussed in many works, but the most of them uses only Fourier transform to extract relevant features from the signal. In this work I will try to find out if some new features do not describe the Sleep stages better. Among many feature extraction methods the Wavelet transform, Statistic and few others will be used. After the feature extraction, usefull features will be selected with various data mining methods and then each selection will be evaluated with several classifiers.</td>]
[<td>This document describes design and implementation of a system, which makes it possible to compare prices of products in internet shops.</td>]
[<td>The work is focused on implementation of a computer application for basic QoS measurement in GSM networks environment. Application uses common mobile phones and GPS receiver for data mining. Results of measurement are graphically demonstrated in a map.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this document is to introduce the reader to the basic principles of the VoIP operation services and provide instructions for establishing a personal VoIP exchange.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is graphical user interface using Java applet and HTML pages for playing SUDOKU.
The second aim of the project is an implementation of generator for SUDOKU\\\'s problem.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this work was take up with controlling and programming USB controller on the development platform ML401. Next step was configuration of USB controller as USB host to make possible connecting USB peripheral with synthesized processor inside FPGA. Development board ML401 is controlled by FPGA device of Virtex-4 family. This board contains many interfaces, witch are generally presented in the PC. Into the FPGA was before synthesized processor MicroBlaze.

On the ML401 board is integrated Cypress USB controller with 16-bit RISC core. It was programmed structure of controller’s firmware, which support communication between controller and MicroBlaze through controller’s HPI interface. The host mode of controller is demonstrated on two examples, USB mouse and on the enumeration of USB Flash memory. A schema of direct controlling of USB controller by Microblaze was suggested.</td>]
[<td>The main idea of  this work is to create an operating device, that would be able to switch audio video signals for television. Input signals are switched automatically or using a remote control or using computer or in predefined time intervals. The whole device consists of two main parts. The first one is analogue and contains all switches including signal picking-up input signals. The second part is digital and contains a microcontroller, RS232 controller and an infra sensor.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of the project was to created web application of the travel agency booking system for CK Lazaris s.r.o. .
	The basic motivation for created application was a not satisfy system of the travel agency.  The motivation was a need to design a system, which should be simplifier and tabularer  than the original system.
	The travel agency booking system is divided into separate parts, which are saved in this database. They are aircrafts, companies for  rental of aircrafts, travel agencies for booking reservations, contracts both for companies and for travel agencies, countries and their names of  airports, reservations for addition of passengers and flights. A relation database MySQL was used, over which a PHP application was programmed. In the application were used the technologies as JavaScript and CSS. An integral part was also the graphics suggestion of web application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work discusses the implementation of Uniform service workplace, which services as interface between traffic employee and railway’s safety appliance for operative level over electronical interlocks, hybrid interlocks and central offices of remote operating safety appliance.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with assessment of students in e-learning using the Internet. The first part is an introduction to the basics of the theory of assessment and contains an analysis of several e-learning systems aimed at web testing. The analysis results in specification of ideal assessment system for creation and delivery of online assessments. The second part describes
design, implementation and results of the testing of a simple web-testing system named I-Test.</td>]
[<td>System TempLab was originally developed for testing PROFINET devices. But it is suitable for testing all Ethernet based (100BASE-TX/10BASE-T) network devices. TempLab simulates net breaks (with a length between 30ns and 60s with step of 21ns). Net break sequence is synchronized by external signals. There are several modes for the net break sequence and the net break sequence can be repeated. TempLab implement centralized power switching of tested devices (up to 16) and monitor temperature at 16 places. TempLab device is managed via USB interface. USB interface allows use TempLab device with almost all now days PCs. TempLab device uses the HID driver for USB interface. The HID driver is present on most platforms and therefore TempLab is easy to use. There are two implementations of an application manager. One is for a console access, and another is a GUI application.</td>]
[<td>This work describes basic features of genetic algorithms and their application in NP-hard problems solving. The work gives explanation of their principles and programming processes. In order to show genetic algorithm run, the work includes Java applet to allow users modify and experiment on algorithm settings. Program solves several problems, these are knapsack problem, travelling salesman problem, boolean satisfiability problem and function maximization problem. All these problems are described in more detail in the text. The work also includes tests, which aims to compare different settings of parameters of genetic algorithm. These tests were performed with help of demonstrational program and the results summary is in the further text.</td>]
[<td>This barchelory project describes voice control principles of portable multimedia player iPod developed by company Apple. Project includes two parts. The first part targets the technical specification of iPod, such as description of connector, interface, data storage and communication protocol used to control iPod. All these specifications are necessary to understand voice control principle of iPod. The second part describes implementated software components, analysis, solution suggestion and their implementation. Screenshoots and user application tests are included. The application allows browsing throught all sound records and playing them. That is the final result of this project.</td>]
[<td>Topic of this work is to make the model laboratory exercise for course X36LOB Logical circuits and test quantity potentialities of using desks. Synchronous counters of different types which are counting in different coding were chosen as concrete examples. Programmable circuits Digilent XCRP and Digilent D2E-DIO1 were set for design of counters. Both of them are using chips made by Xilinx. Therefore for making the counters I will use software distributed by that company. The purpose of this exercise is to make the digital circuits design closer to students and awake in them interest in studying of hardware and digital circuits design.</td>]
[<td>This thesis gives an overview of quantum finite automata (QFA). QFA are together with quantum Turing machines and quantum cellular automata basic theoretical models of quantum computers. The main goal of this work is presentation of basic concepts, classify particular QFA models and results which have been achieved in this area. Quantum automata are compared with finite and probabilistic automata, important results are presented including proofs, and some examples of languages recognizable by QFA are also mentioned. Finally, relations among classes of languages which are recognizable by various automata models are presented.  </td>]
[<td>In this work I deal with gathering information about some techniques used when generating
terrain and tools for its modification. These techniques are principally described and chosen
criteria are analyzed. This work includes a program, where the chosen techniques are
implemented. The program is realized as a plug-in for Maya.</td>]
[<td>Result of this work is the functional and usable program for Windows. The program enables to edit database of herbs, syndromes, symptoms and their structure and contains an agenda of patients. The tool available from a patient health card assists doctor with diagnostics of patient.</td>]
[<td>In a few words music recognition is mathematical analysis of an audio
signal and its conversion into musical notation (usually in MIDI format). This is a very hard artificial intelligence problem. The programs of speech recognition already work with 70-80% accuracy, whereas the systems of music recognition work with 60-70% accuracy but only for a single voice melody (one note at a time). To create a MIDI file musician must determine pitch, velocity and duration of each note being played and record these parameters into a sequence of MIDI events. Even for a single instrument song it is not a simple task.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this diploma work was to extend already existing Multimedia Information System in 3D Space - MISS and make it more user-friendly. This system helps users (students, foreigner visitors) to find any room or person in Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
Information system consist of  three parts, they are connected by web-presentation. First part - virtual tour - shows the way from Charles square to the building, where Department is. The tour consist of many stops, every stop is shown in picture and next way is detailed described. Next part brings plans of the floor of the building. They can be used for better orientation. The main part is 3D model of the Department, created in VRML and extended by other information objects. This model is generated by PHP scripts and reading of database.

Firsts extension of the MISS was model of the 2nd floor. Text describes how to prepare plans, how to put data into database, how to create new rooms. Before this work avatar (visitor) couldn\\\'t open doors, but he was teleported to other room. Now he can open doors and choose, if he want go there. This change had changed whole model, now is model driven by doors. They add or remove rooms into/from model using JavaScripts and VRML node InlineLoadControl. This save VRML browsers memory, because whole model is not  loaded in browser, but only one or two rooms. Newly is in model defined second floor. Special chapter is about modeling staircase, because it belongs to both floors and has some differences.

Next was created connection between VRML model and panoramic model (result of other diploma work). First deal was to find right places for info-tabs in model, then the tabs with links were placed into VRML model. If user click on them, he will see panoramic model (in format QuickTime VR).

In model are information tables with links to external web pages with timetables of the rooms, or teacher\\\'s official pages (WebIS).  Everyone can reach needed information in natural way. This work increased number of the tables and updated old links.

One of the faults of original system was not clear navigation system. So it was created completely new version. It offers to show up to 3 navigation arrows in model. Each could show way to different destination (room). Anyway, it is not obligate to follow them, user could anytime change way or choose different destination. Navigation system was created using java applet (and EAI interface), this applet communicate with VRML model. The shortest path in graph is found using Dijkstra algorithm. All data of the graph (position of arrows, direction etc.) are stored in database and are read by PHP scripts.

Another java applet was created to inform visitor about his position in the world. It shows map of the floor and little circle signs the point, where avatar is. Information about avatar\\\'s position sends VRML node ProximitySensor to applet.

Next interesting part is about optimalization data-transfer between client and server. VRML files are compressed, specially dynamic created description of the room. It is done by using PHP script, where all output of the script is stored in output buffer and compressed before transfer to server. Last parts offer ways, how to make system more useful. Also available is text about administration of the MISS and short HOW-TO create similar system.

System (its client side) was also tested on different computers. Test were focused on quality of the picture, stability, cpu and memory usage, volume of data transport between server and client. Results says, that MISS works well (about 40 frames per second) on common PC\\\'s (CPU 1,5GHz, 512 RAM ).</td>]
[<td>In our work, we give a detailed background of the most important aspects of the known methods of free-form modeling by sketching. We focus on the use of sketching for intuitive modeling of free-form shapes. These shapes are naturally smooth and deformable and can be used for representing objects \\</td>]
[<td>The baroque theatre, which is situated at the fifth courtyard ot the Èeský Krumlov castle, is original, completely preserved baroque theatre scene. The unique technology for changing the coulisses and other decorations were made by Viennese carpenter Lorenz Makh (more at [1]).
This graduation project is a part of long-lasting work, which runs as a collaboration of Fotogrametrical Laboratory of the Map and Cartography Department of the Civil Engineering Faculty of the Czech Technical University, Administrative Unit of the Èeský Krumlov Castle and the Foundation of the Baroque Castle. In previous years there was the aim to create a digital 3D model of the theatre (Picture no. 1), which should help with presentation, research and maintenance of the theatre in future. The whole project is called Living theatre (the same name as my work) - the result should be high dynamic spatial model of this unusual object. The Client, who assigned this project is Administrative Unit of the Èeský Krumlov Castle.

I chose the topic - Visualization of the baroque theatre in Èeský Krumlov - in year 2003. I converted the spatial data from format of Microstation program (DGN) to format VRML within one of school subjects. The main aim ot this semestral project was walking through the virtual model in real time with a sufficient continuity ot the show. This virtual model contained only the part of baroque theatre, which is in front of the stage.

This semestral project interested me so much, that I decided to carry on as far as it developed into a graduation project. The stage space was added to previosly created model and the whole work was extended with a program part. This means the neccesary base for investigation of the object.

The visualization fulfils requirements for easy usage of the 3D model. It means: usage of the well-known and well-tried format of data, the speed of displaying and walking through the model and a possibility of visualization at different computers ( so-called Removal ). The topic of the speed of displaying of virtual model is closely linked with specificity of the model. There is always a compromise between the speed and the specificity of the show. I accepted all these parametres at the real begining of the project.

There is still a big amount of technical equipement in the theatre, which is interestig for a research. It is neccesary to investigate these objects from different point of view and to search the continuity and possible relations among details. In real application it means to study plans, photographs and sketches, which are not open to public. The spatial imagination is neccesary as well. Prospective restauration and making copies is expensive. I would like to alert, that my project does not substitute the original possibilities of the object investigation, it only infillls the area with other possibilites.

One of the basic client´s requirements was the distance measurement (Picture no. 2). Within the scene there could be measured not only the distances of the two points, but also the distances of their nearest apexes of the chosen model. For a higher comfort during the work with the model it is neccesary to have specific tools for categorization according to different criterions. According to these it is possible to clearly search required elements of the model and work with them. The information about the elements of the model are closely connected with that - information in XML file.</td>]
[<td>Tato práce se zabývá procedurálním modelováním krajiny. Konkrétnì je v ní uvedeno nìkolik, pøevá¾nì fraktálních, algoritmù na procedurální generování terénu, a dále jeden algoritmus na generování vody, který je zalo¾en na simulování stékání vody po vygenerovaném terénu. K práci je pøilo¾en program, ve kterém jsou uvedené algoritmy implementovány.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to compare several methods for noise cancellation.</td>]
[<td>There are many different data formats of GIS (Geographic Information Systems) in the world, which are used to store, save and visualize various parts of our real environment.

Traditional GIS applications allow only composition of these information into 2D layers and their simple browsing. Any complex and deeper relations between GIS and the real world topology are missing. Other disadvantage is a lack of third dimension, which would allow objective, vivid or even realistic presentation of geographic information.

System, which would enable this, could find wide possibilities of application and usage in large number of scopes of human activities. For example in various types of visualization, in architecture, town and country planning and engineering, in tourism and navigation systems, emergency and security services.

Developers around the world are aware of that, and therefore development of 3D GIS improves quickly.

This thesis aims to make first insight into such systems and wants to analyze available cartographic data and to suggest and create suitable data structures for virtual reality visualizing. Also, on the base of that The Aerial Model of Prague will be created. This model will be presented from the above view (aerial view).

For this purpose two applications will be created:

   1. The Editor of Virtual City, which will be able to import available entry data and convert them.
   2. Viewer of the Virtual City. That will be used to present data to user in maximum possible level of reality. 

First necessary step is to define structures suitable for geometric and topologic representation of information and present them on a virtual town model with using a large amount of data. Next step is to create algorithms that will convert entry data into the form of these scriptures. At the end, it is necessary to suggest the way to generate level of details of the town model and to design and produce data representation suitable for real-time browsing.</td>]
[<td>As we know, virtual human characters use has been spreading widely in recent years. These characters should be moving and we want them to move realistically. Real human motion is usually quite dependent on the emotional state of the person, performing the move. Although the influence of emotion is obviously projected to the kinematic parameters (speed, range) of the motion, it is quite difficult if not impossible to describe it in terms of these parameters. Thus, we can decide to consider the human emotional state (happiness, tiredness) to be just another parameter.

This decision becomes important if we want to apply some motion synthesis technique. Virtual humans can be animated using various approaches from keyframing to motion capture, but in each case, we have to create (record) each particular motion. The need for wide variety of animations of the same class (varying step-length of character walking in uneven terrain) leads to the situation when motion capturing or animating is just a waste of resources and another way is sought after. The motion synthesis (or parameterization) is a process of creating new animation varying in a specific parameter. This parameter can be  step-length as well as emotional influence elusive by nature. In motion parameterization process we typically create new animations out of some basic set of animations representing typical examples of our desired parameters. If these parameters are of the emotional kind, this set should be a set of recorded motions that we label as influenced by particular emotion.

The next step was to produce our own approach. Based on our ideas and on the performed survey of methods we have produced method and application for human motion and emotion parameterization.

Our approach:

At first, we select a range of animations. Then we split each of these animations  into separated steps. Then we select two steps and we make an interpolation or extrapolation between them. Thus, we get new step. The procedure is repeated for other steps. Finally, by merging of the steps we get new generated animation.

By tests, we have discovered that the real sense of the new generated animation not only depends on the quality of selected approach. It also depends on the ability of user to select suitable parameter of parameterization. Only in this case can be new generated animation realistic. </td>]
[<td> Bi-directional reflectance distribution function, shortly BRDF, is one of the ways, how to describe, how much of light incoming from one direction is reflected into the second direction.

Since the beginnings of the computer graphics scientist have tried to develop approaches, which would enable them to create images indistinguishable for originals. One of the most important characteristics for a human perception is how an object reflects light, because this way we get information about a depth of a picture.

There were created many methods of light passage through a scene and more-or-less accurate models of a light reflection on a surface. The main problem of these efforts remains till today - big computational complexity of algorithms, which makes an image synthesis very slow. This is the reason why there are still used old, simple, and inexact models, especially in real-time applications.

The main goal of this work is to review the current state of this issue. For a simpler understanding of the complicated models there were described even older illumination models in this work that were not defined by the BRDF.

 

At the beginning this works describes a basics from a light reflection, like a perfect mirror reflection, diffuse reflection, and a real reflection.

In computer graphics, many models are approaching to the light reflection, as it would be consisted of a three parts: Ambient reflection, diffuse reflection, and specular reflection (sometimes is used also a directional-specular reflection). Ambient part of the reflection represents a part of light that originates from many scatters in a scene. It is uniformly spread out in the scene and reflects the same way from the objects in all directions. A diffuse part and a specular part are allied with concrete light sources. This approach simplifies a view on the model and in many cases this does not make a difference. This is for example a case of plastic materials. In contrast, this is unnecessary with metals or even fails in case of polished materials. This part is described in detail in a part dividing models due their capabilities.

Another part of the theoretic introduction of this work is dedicated to methods of ray casting and ray tracing, followed by mathematical basics of a Monte Carlo integration. There is described an importance sampling technique and its relationship with BRDFs. Briefly there are mentioned the other methods of sampling as well.

Probably the most often way how the illumination models are described is Bi-directional Reflectance Distribution Function (shortly BRDF). This work gives an explanation of this function with its constraints: Helmhotz reciprocity, conservation of energy, and non-negativity for all directions over hemisphere.

The main part of this work contains a description of illumination models, if it is possible, using the BRDF. It divides them due the isotropy of a surface to isotropic models and anisotropic models as well as due to the physical background on pure empirical models, models based on a ray optics, and models based on a wave optics.

There are described 15 models. The Blinn\\\'s model is described in the section of the Torrance and Sparrow model because their similarity.

Historically, the first illumination model was proposed by Lambert over 200 years ago.

The most often used model till today remains the Phong illumination model proposed in 1975. It is only an empirical model without a deeper physical validity but it is very popular because of its simplicity and easy hardware implementation.

This model was modified by Lewis to fulfill the conservation law and Helmholtz reciprocity and several more time enhanced to give more trustworthy view of different materials.

A widespread model was proposed by Torrance and Sparrow. This model is, opposite to the Phong\\\'s model, based on an idea that we can image that the surface is made from a collection of long V-cavities created from perfect mirrors. This enables effects like a masking, shadowing or off-specular reflection.

Blinn has further modified this model to decrease its computational expenses.

Oren and Nayar used long V-cavities, this time made from the perfectly diffuse planes, to model non-Lambetian surfaces.

Poulin and Fournier have made an anisotropic model a similar way, expecting that the surface consist of very small cylinders.

Kajiya has come up with a very computationally expensive anisotropic model base on the Kirchhoff laws.

He et al published a very comprehensive model. Unfortunately, it is as well computationally expensive while it contains a very slowly tending series.

Many modern BRDF models come out from the models of Lewis and Blinn and try to involve to them the new capabilities. Such models are for example Neumann, Neumann, Szirmay-Kalos for metals and anisotropic model Ashikhmin, Shirley. Very complex model based on an approximation of the Blinn \\\'s model presented Schlick. This model is suitable even for materials consisting form more layers.

One of a very few models based on a wave optics was announced by Gondek, Mayer and Newman.

From the empirical models should be mentioned also Ward model that is anisotropic, very simple and fast.

Shirley, Hu, Smits and Lafortune have created a nice model for materials where a ratio between the diffuse and the specular reflection is highly dependent on the angle of incidence.

With a new models there came up also a question of their representation. This problem is also spoken in this work.

 

The second goal of this work was to create a library, which would implement the most of described models. From the 15 models explained in this work, 12 models were implemented. To be able to compare the models, it has been written an interactive modeler that makes possible to demonstrate a behavior of each BRDF on basic shapes in a simple scene. It is possible to interactively modify lighting parameters as well as parameters of the BRDF and see the visual consequences on the scene so this program can be also used as a learning tool for students of computer graphics.

The printed part of the work contains a comprehensive description of the program implementation and it is divided into a library part and a GUI.

After this follows an overview of the program environment and a final part discussing the results. It was measured a compared 12 models. To each model there are written its positives and negatives and possibilities of usage. The work has many pictures of objects and BRDF created in this demonstration program showing characteristics of models.

 

The model library can be easily extended with new models in the future so it gives a space for continuation in this field. </td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is focused on 3D object reconstruction using 2D slices. In this case it means reconstruction based only on contours, including the possibility of hollow space. For better orientation in methods for 3D object reconstruction, other approaches of reconstruction and data representation are mentioned. This work describes possibilities of processing parallel and non-parallel slices, computing methods, optimizations, problems and their solutions. Concrete application is focused on fast processing of input data sampled with bigger inaccuracy. Reconstruction is being performed by transforming contours into the volume grid, which is later visualized with help of Marching cubes algorithm. Additional improvement algorithms to get better surface are engaged and their efficiencies were measured.

During my work, I evolved from direct contour-to-contour tessellation, which is difficult to be well implemented and ended with very popular volume representation, which is being processed using Marching cubes algorithm. I have developed certain techniques like contour fit, which helps the contour to better fit into 3D volume grid, matter linear interpolation applied on sandwich-like slices, where the inner slice is much smaller, I have used dilatation to pull denser values onto the surface and I experimented with smooth filters. This theme still deserves a lot work to be done and certain perspective ideas were invented.
I hope this work will help all, who want to understand the 3D object reconstruction problem.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is the platform that enables to program a chatterbot, i.e. an interactive dialog program, in virtual world of blaxxun Community Platform from Blaxxun. The concept is based upon science researches in artificial intelligence discipline, mainly focused on natural language processing resp. understanding and knowledge representation branches. The dialog is managed in written czech language.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis contains a requirement analysis, design, implementation and testing of an information system for a trade and transport company. The target environment for storing data of the information system is expected to be a small database system (a Microsoft Access demo implementation has been prepared). 
The information system helps to manage the company (that means it plans the transport of the deliveries  and the movement of goods between warehouses, for which it also prepares a plan of instructions for the means of transport). It records the information about the means of transport and its maintenance, about fixed assets and equipment, including any repairs made, the staff and their qualification. The main benefit may be seen in the planning of transport for moving the goods between the locations by the client. 
In the future the system (after further enhancements) can have additional in-built functionalities (e.g. network connection with other transport providers in case of a hired means of transport). In addition, it would be able to integrate with other systems (e.g. accounting record system, etc.) and it could have a more sophisticated delivery transport scheduler which would make better use of the means of transport, it could move separate parts of the delivery between warehouses without the need to have the complete delivery in the warehouse, and other improvements. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create the application for support the Object Behaviour Analysis method. The Object Behaviour Analysis method (OBA method) is a modern object oriented method for the opening phase of projecting of information systems, whose main users are mainly managers, business and informative analysts of bigger companies, which project object oriented conceptions of informative systems and new management methods with its employ. The OBA method’s results are the first source of information for professional software realisation companies, which are able to expand and develop the opening study created with OBA method’s to larger conceptions and systems more effectively and faster. The demand for creation application for support OBA method has been arisen just from the side of business analysts and managers, because many of them use OBA method only with the help of standard office programs, which doesn’t allow to use all possibilities and advantages of OBA method effectively enough. Application for support of OBA method will be implemented in object oriented development environment VisualWorks/Smalltalk. 
The final product will be used also in education on the Faculty of Agricultural Economics and Management of Czech University of Agriculture Prague (CUA), where will be a help for students studying OBA method and projecting. 
The thesis can be divided into two parts, theoretical and practical. Theoretical part is built as research with the use of mentioned literature. Practical part includes own solution of author’s work with the use of all necessary knowledge of theoretical part. To theoretical part belong chapters: 2. OBA metoda, 3. Modelovací jazyk UML a 4. Vývojové prostøedí VisualWorks – Smalltalk. Practical part of the thesis includes these chapters: 5. Aplikace „Podpora OBA metody“  a  6. Vyu¾ití aplikace pro návrh IS. In the enclosure of the work is to disposition: the user manual for the created application, the application outputs for a concrete theme of project of information system and management methods.   </td>]
[<td>Graph editor is a tool for manipulating and visualizing of graphs
and graph algorithms on the Win32 platform. The ability to change
dynamically graph visual and structure parameters makes the graph
editor able to animate graph algorithms. The composition of
visualizing operations and graph algorithms is based on dynamic
linking libraries. The graph editor uses a structured text format
for storing graphs in files. This format can be easily read and
has minimum redundancy in accordance to preserve readability.

This tool is designated for learning purposes and for presentation
of graph algorithms.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis focuses on production line optimization problems. We propose an algorithm for batching, which computes number of batches and returns suboptimal solution of our batching problem in polynomial time for one  and multiple types of products. Batches are then scheduled by MILP on one or multiple sources, where weighted tardiness of batches and setup times are minimized. Furthermore we introduce two methods on how to export data from software for planning and controlling SAP, which is widely used by many companies worldwide. All algorithms were implemented in MATLAB, where they were also tested and evaluated on exported and generated data.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of industrial communication protocol
(DLMS/COSEM) which is defined in set of norms ÈSN EN 62056. Next necessary
standards and norms used by this protocol and their design and implementations are
completely or partially described. Result of this work is C++ library which is transferrable
on source code level between operating systems (Windows, Linux abd RTX)
and includes necessary part to collect data from devices in AMM networks.
As side product was created a library which implements profile of HDLC protocol
which interconnects with protocol DLMS and which is used by functions of DLMS protocol.
Within framework DLMS/COSEM was created group of classes which implements
necessary part of ASN.1 standard which is used to describe syntax of DLMS protocol.
It is possible to extend and develop this library to use it in another protocol implementations
which uses ASN.1 to describe own syntax.
</td>]
[<td>The master thesis deals with the solving NP-hard problem for the Resource Constrained
Project Scheduling Problem (RCPSP) by a genetic algorithm. The core of the thesis is a
design and its implementation of algorithm using the latest graphical cards. This thesis
comes with a way to use several graphical cards at the same time for solving RCPSP by
the genetic algorithm. The thesis also includes an implementation of the same algorithm
for CPU without using graphical cards. This thesis aims to improve the quality of solving
instances of problem RCPSP and the speedup of computing. The implementations were
tested on a set of standard problems of RCPSP and compared to other implementations
from the literature.
</td>]
[<td>This work describes the design procedure for a non-contact planar manipulation of micro- and mesoscopic objects using dielectrophoresis. Specifically, it documents the use of commercially available matrix microelectrode array. For it, I created mathematical simulation models using the method of moments, and I used these for debugging of simple position controllers. I verified the functionality in laboratory experiments handling polystyrene microspheres. A prerequisite for these experiments was also my successful resolution of contacting electrode array and a voltage generator.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents an heuristic algorithm for dynamic scheduling of non-preemptive tasks with precedences on an arbitrary number of orthogonal resources, where the resource allocation is continuous. It is based on two data structures: critical-path task graph structure and constructive Container Loading Problem packing structure with an approach called ``Skyline''. Both structures have been extended to support the algorithm. Algorithm complexity and computational results are shown.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with an extension of a driver for the RTD SDM8540HR-1 card. That is an PCI/104 I/O module. The former version had been developed within my bychelor's thesis. The current driver implements a new approach of internal synchronization. It is possible to take samples from A/D converter more than once during one RT period thanks to this change. The basic configuration of the card has been also modified to be able to shorten RT period below 200 us. It also implements a system for measured values logging with configurable start/stop condition. All user functions are included in one static library called SDM8540.lib. Since the C language lacks the namespace support, names of all functions start with the SDM8540_ or LOG_ prefix because of better transparency for the user programmed source code. The driver is supposed to be used with the 2nd generation of the real-time kernel developed by R. Martínek and it isn't compatible with its previous version. The driver is designed to be used in a real-time system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dedicated to the issue of a computer simulation of the production line. First, it analyzes the generic production line and its parameters. Based on this analysis, the methodology of simulating the generic production line is proposed. The Petri net mathematical apparatus was used for the simulator creation. Using this net, the simulator can realistically mimic all the characteristics of the production line. The implementation is done in C# language. This text also contains the results of testing on a production line and the discussion of achieved results.</td>]
[<td>The goal of work “Implementation of unconventional CAN controller in VHDL language” is to design a circuit with IP CAN bus controller function with above-standard functionality in VHDL language. In addition to the functioning of standard CAN bus controller our circuit implements queue of incoming messages and four queues for messages to be sent. Furthermore it assigns timestamps to all received messages and for all messages to be sent it is possible to determine at what time these messages are to be sent to the CAN bus.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis presents the algorithm for video image analysis which is being used for relative localization of micro aerial vehicles by the IMR group. It also describes the approach to modify this algorithm so it can be used for localization in robotic swarm. Theoretical part of the thesis deals with field of robotics and the basic categorization of robots. Subsequent chapter provides the necessary information concerning the mobile robot localization. In particular, the principles of visual localization and localization of multi-robot systems are presented. Practical part of the presented work deals with the system SyRoTek and its localization modul. Next part is devoted to principles of pattern detection, geometry of the operational space and computational complexity of the aforementioned localization algorithm. Then two different ways to approach needed modifications of algorithm are presented. Proposed solutions are implemented and their computational complexity is compared. Last part of the thesis present comparation of error of relative distance estimation of SyRoTek modul and modified algorithm.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is the design and implementation of software gateway USB/CAN based on single chip processor with ARM7TDMI core and integrated controllers CAN and USB.
The project implements the gateway firmware, which is divided into individual modules, allowing easy portability or replacement of individual parts. The project also includes a software interface between the hardware used and the application layer of the gateway with which it allows implementing new features of the hardware.
Part of the project is a mechanism for updating firmware of the hardware through the USB. The firmware update allows users to change the functionality of hardware and extends the possibilities of its use.
Within the implementation of firmware update functionality an adjustment was made to the existing drivers and respective libraries for operating system Microsoft Windows XP.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is dedicated to the scheduling problem that is motivated by real manufacture processes. It is a scheduling with alternative process plans subject to the total setup costs minimization, where setup times are sequent-dependent. The considered problem further covers many nowadays and practical constraints such as non-unary resources, release times and deadlines or generalized precedence relations known as time lags. This thesis also includes very detailed review of related works. An exact mathematical model is described, which can be used to solve small instances and a new heuristic algorithm is proposed to solve large instances of the considered problem. The algorithm is then implemented using programming language C# with an emphasis on efficiency and low computational demands. In the end, the proposed algorithm is tested on the wide variety of instances with regard to the time performance and the value of the objective function comparison with existing algorithms and benchmarks.</td>]
[<td>Diploma thesis describes a FlexRay communication system and propose an algorithm for scheduling signals in the static segment of FlexRay network with graphical display possibility of the resulting communication schedule. Furthermore, the basic variant of proposed scheduling is implemented and is further enhanced. Different variants of parts of the algorithm are implemented. All proposed variants are compared to each other in the performance test, and also compared with the existing scheduling methods. In conclusion, the algorithm requirements are given with instructions about its usage.</td>]
[<td>Diploma thesis describes a FlexRay communication system and propose an algorithm for scheduling signals in the static segment of FlexRay network with graphical display possibility of the resulting communication schedule. Furthermore, the basic variant of proposed scheduling is implemented and is further enhanced. Different variants of parts of the algorithm are implemented. All proposed variants are compared to each other in the performance test, and also compared with the existing scheduling methods. In conclusion, the algorithm requirements are given with instructions about its usage.</td>]
[<td>The main focus of this bachelor thesis is to follow up an already existing project and to create
a web application that would simplify communication between commercial and academic
sectors for semestral projects and thesis assignements.
The estimated outcome should be a fully-functional web application which could be
deployed into a real service and which could be further developed.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on the use of the LEGO MINDSTORMS robot for designing new competition tasks for the course A3B99RO Robots. It describes preceding sets, the current state of the set, robot\\\'s hardware features and possible programming environments. It contains a comparision of several programming enviroments and more detailed description of three programming environments. Thesis also contains tips and advices for building and programming robots. Next part depicts two new competition tasks, their rules and solutions. The last part of thesis covers the documentation of web pages for new competition tasks.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to describe developing process of monitoring and control of system, which is in practice used for hydroponic aquarium. An analysis of comunication uLan bus and its physics layer RS-485 is made within this project. In next part of the
project is preceded design of sensors used for the aquarium onitoring and control, identification of control boards uLAD31 and remarks from single stages of development of applications for particular circumferences.</td>]
[<td>This work is about finding optimal routes through a virtual environment, achieving this goal by the means of particle simulations and trying to understand what it is all about.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the trial implementation of encryption solutions for the average user and is aimed at making this solution easy and convenient for him. At the same time  it does not omit the security elements and it even  pursues to  resolve the safety in the best way.
The result of this work is a comprehensive solution which consists of two parts. The first part is the application  located on a smart card  and  resolves encryption, the storage of keys and security of itself. The second part resolves the communication with the card and applet and provides a graphical user interface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is a portation of multi-axes control system under  the real-time operating system RTEMS. At the beginning of my thesis there are some possibilities of the portation on examples of simply programmes. Next there is a general description of multi-axes control system that is based on PXMC system designed for school robots BlueBot. The thesis continues with a description of portation on RTEMS operating system itself. At the end of thesis a direct and inverse kinematics tasks for BlueBot robots were designed for purposes of testing of the functionality of the system.</td>]
[<td>The first objective of this bachelor thesis was to create program, which finds constants of PD, PI and PID compensators from several measured points of frequency response of a measured plant for specified phase margin, and verify it in Matlab and C# environments. The second objective was to minimalize uncertainties in measured frequency response by the method of least squares and to implement the program as functional block in designing system C&amp;ISD.
	Theoretical part of this thesis provides necessary information about designing of PD, PI and PID compensators in frequency domain and shortly describes another possible methods of  design.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with an effect of neutron irradiation on MPS Schottky
diodes based on silicon carbide. A method for dynamic characterization of static reverse characteristics of power devices was designed and realized. An impact of neutrons irradiation on the diode was also identified and a SPICE model was implemented to simulate an activity of the components in an environment with increased radiation.</td>]
[<td>The thesis summarizes state-of-the art of the parametric model creation with the Neural Modeling Fields (NMF) approach. The thesis contains a detailed description of the NMF as a method for parametric model creation including relation to NMF interpretation as model whose formalisms allows to use the NMF for a modeling mind processes.

The thesis contains proof of equivalence of the NMF and an algorithm known as Expectation-Maximization (EM). The proved equivalence allowed to take over more easily some relations for the Gamma, Exponential, Normal, Log-normal, von Mises-Fisher, Wishart and Dirichlet probability distribution functions for which the algorithm is implemented. Enumerated distributions are analysed in detail with in relation to parametric model creation. For Exponential, multivariate Log-normal and Dirichlet distributions no relevant resource about parametric model creation in a mixture of densities was found thus the thesis contains these equations including derivation of the equations.

Experimental part contains evaluation of the supervised parametric model based on Hierarchical Mixture of Experts for approximation problems whose learning is based on maximum likelihood principle. Further the thesis contains experiments of the NMF for Normal distribution in a hierarchy with Kohonen's Self Organizing Map, known as MLANS, as a classifier of input images where the data are based on Feature Integration Theory. The last experiment is region classifier of images based on feature matrices classified by a mixture of Wishart distribution.</td>]
[<td>The project discusses methods of indoor and outdoor localization and deals with creation of a mobile application for viewing the earliest subway departures. It should accurately locate the user in the station and provide information on whether he will catch the following train or not. Then the user can adjust his speed of descending into the station, thereby avoiding unnecessary waiting.

The document focuses on possible location methods, their advantages and disadvantages and applicability. It also describes the draft of final application, collection and processing of data for machine learning, implementation on a mobile platform and final testing. It also discusses various issues if the implementation and possible improvements.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this bachelor thesis was to study method [2] of escape behaviour and utilized it in a task of following a moving target by a swarm of MAVs. The control model used by this method was originally designed only for obstacles in shape of sphere and so into the algorithm is to be integrated a library for computing distance between the MAV and arbitrary obstacles. And finally to verify this implementation with simulations of movement of the swarm in an office environment and study behaviour of the swarm in narrow corridors. The developed algorithm should be improved to avoid collisions between individual quad-rotors.</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis focuses on application of evolutionary algorithm to the well-known problem of virtual creatures evolution. It analyzes the capabilities of hybrid algorithm with differential evolution on this task. This thesis describes the structure of implemented layer of abstraction above the f0 genotype of free program Framsticks, which is designed to help control the progress of evolution. It explores the optimal values of parameters in several exemplary experiments with various settings of fitness function. The conclusion discusses the appearance and behavior of resulting individuals.

Presentation video:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRhW1NPRn0g&amp;hd=1</td>]
[<td>The crawlers have great potential to be successful in a rough environment due to their high motion capabilities. Along with other internal or external sensors like range-finder, force sensitive sensors, camera, etc., the robot can become an autonomous agent with very high efficiency.

In contrast with other approaches, a mass produced hexapod robot without any additional sensors is used in this thesis. The only information about the environment comes from its own actuators.

A custom gait which allows the robot traversing rough terrain based on the internal sensors only and with continuous support of at least five legs is developed for this robot.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis investigates the topic of intelligent optimisation of schedules for charging and discharging of electric vehicles (EVs). At first, we carry out a research on related topics of Smart Grids and vehicle-to-grid transactions, and then, we examine existing studies solving the problem, including an application of a binary particle swarm optimisation (BPSO). Subsequently, disadvantages and weaknesses of the investigated methods are identified.

We then reformulate the problem definition and its representation to dispose of the major drawbacks identified before. The modified formulation emerges a continuous optimisation problem, which for we propose a particle swarm optimisation (PSO) application. To eliminate remaining drawbacks, the algorithm implements a penalty function for penalising inconsistent solutions, and an alternative fitness function reflecting the battery degradation costs.

Finally, the implemented algorithm is confronted with the BPSO method, and it is verified that the proposed PSO implementation significantly outperforms the other algorithm in terms of quality of the best found solutions, and in terms of time efficiency as well.</td>]
[<td>Due to the ubiquitous presence of
interference and a need for a large
angular resolution, the current radioas-
tronomical observations are carried out
using multi-antennas receiver systems.
Construction of such devices places
great demands upon the quality of
signal processing. A source of inspi-
ration for my diploma thesis has been
my own amateur radioastronomical
activity in the field of meteor observa-
tions. The thesis deals with a possible
realization of a digitization unit for a
radioastronomical signal receiver. The
implementation described in the thesis
is optimized for a high dynamic range
and good phase stability, both being
the most important parameters for
its application in the multi-antennas
systems. Design and the instrument
implementation have been created as
open-source hardware solutions, so far
having unique characteristics among
the devices used in amateur or profes-
sional radioastronomy. I have devised
and implemented a trial version and
made further experiments with it. A
resulting recommendations for repeated
implementations of the receivers, that
we are planing to use in the amateur
meteor observing networks, are based
on these experiences</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is design and implementation of a management tool for the operational monitoring of manufacturing processes. The tool will allow visualization and creation of manufacturing processes composed of sequences of manufacturing operations, the necessary materials, workers and other resources.
Subsequently it will allow to the user to monitor the progress of production and offer the means to perform impact analysis relating to external fault events (e.g., late delivery of materials, lack of resources, poor quality of components, etc.). The tool will be integrated into the platform defined in the European project ARUM.</td>]
[<td>I studied possibilities of calibrating RGBD camera in this thesis. I present new calibration method that simultaneously calibrates a color camera, a depth camera, a IR camera, and the relative pose between. The calibration is based on preceding calibrations. I concentrate on making method more accurate and robust than predecessor. Thesis also contains comparison with some of the preceding works. New calibration performs well both on simlated data and real data.
</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the reverse engineering of web applications and especially creating a finite state machine of a given web application. The web application is treated as a black box, because we are interested only in its outputs - projections in a web browser. Each of these projections is recognised as a state where multiple states can be merged into one state class.

The thesis discusses the issues of automated construction of the abovementioned finite state machine, identification of interactive elements on a web page and state comparison. It presents both existing and newly developed methods for comparing states. Within the scope of this thesis, a new tool for semi-automated construction of the finite state machine has been developed. The tool has been used to perform experiments focusing on various comparison methods on a sample web application.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deal with construction of rfid reader on frequency 134.2kHz. Transponders working on this frequency are in use mainly for animal identification. As one of main demands is possibility of reading on long distances, exactly at least 50cm.
In every part of this bachelor thesis are described steps, which are demand to construct reader working on 134.2kHz and reading at distance of 50cm.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, the problem of robust estimation of a multiple view geometry in the computer vision is studied. The main focus is put on random sampling techniques for an estimation of two-view geometries, in particular homography and epipolar geometry, in a presence of outliers. After a thorough analysis of LO-RANSAC, several improvements are proposed to make it more robust to the selection of the inlier/outlier error threshold and to the number of points. A new estimator, faster, more accurate and more robust that the state-of-the-art is the result. The improvements were implemented in the framework of CMP WBS-Demo and extensively tuned and experimentally tested on diverse data, using a newly created testing framework. The LO-RANSAC implementation for homography and epipolar geometry estimation has been separated from the rest of WBS-Demo and is now publicly available. The datasets were made available as well, including new manually annotated ground truth point correspondences.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to modify the Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm to allow its use with small UAVs and utilize it for the task of locating the source of a smoke. Since the PSO algorithm requires the swarm individuals to know their immediate position, several means of absolute localization of the robots have to be devised and used. In order to avoid collisions, a means of relative robot localization must be used. First, a simple version of the PSO algorithm using particles with no constraints will be used in combination with a simple fitness function. After tuning the algorithm's parameters, it will be used to find a source of a smoke and further tested. Then, the PSO algorithm modified using the real quadrotor constraints will be tested with the same basic fitness function. Eventually, the combination of these two approaches will yield an algorithm applicable on real quadrotors and the task of locating a smoke source.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dedicated to the issue of a computer simulation of the production line. First, it analyzes the generic production line and its parameters. Based on this analysis, the methodology of simulating the generic production line is proposed. The Petri net mathematical apparatus was used for the simulator creation. Using this net, the simulator can realistically mimic all the characteristics of the production line. The implementation is done in C# language. This text also contains the results of testing on a production line and the discussion of achieved results.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the integration of the visual relative localization module into the UAV MikroKopter platform. I propose a custom design of a flight control board which handles communication and runs control algorithms. I deal with a position data processing and with a position control of the UAV, relatively to a given pattern image. A series of experiments is presented. It shows the performance of the system under various conditions. I examine the ability to follow a moving target and to change a desired position to the pattern. The final experiment tests the UAV within a heterogeneous formation consisting of aerial vehicles and a ground robot.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to design main part of project aimed to creating a modular application for presentation and analysis of electroencephalograms. Thesis was designed to ease communication between medical and technical branches of Intracranial Signal Analysis Research Group in Prague (ISARG).
First step was to design and implement application core. The main function of core is to manage application modules and ensure the same view on data in each module. To simplify exchange of analysis between applications have been implemented methods for saving the data to different formats. Another part of this work is the presentation module for medical branch, providing easy managing of events in signals.
Result of this work is application with environment displaying particular data to the medical branch by understandable way. The environment is connected to application core with possibility of adding further presentation modules. In the future, we would like to develop some other presentation modules, especially for technical branch.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the problems of maritime security in the Gulf of Aden and in the Indian Ocean. To understand the problem and propose effective security countermeasures, a multi-agent simulation was designed. A necessary component of the simulation is a precise model of pirate’s behavior, which is the main focus of this thesis. Formal model of maritime pirate capturing real-world pirates’ decision-making processes is presented and implementation details of its integration in the AgentC framework are described. Experiments were executed and outputs of developed model in the simulation were compared with real-world data. The outputs of the simulation show reasonable correspondence with the real-world data.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with authentication and user management in Microsoft SharePoint 2010. It also includes design and implementation application for user management for this environment.</td>]
[<td>In the introductory section, the reader can read about the importance of the Internet and related web technologies. The thesis deals with helpdesks systems that facilitate the requirements management. The theoretical part is important for understanding the context of applicatons which are created for cloud environments. The practical part is focused on the project configuration and deployment on Google AppEngine server and finally it clarifies how to use Google Web Toolkit framework. Different types of testing methods have been used during and after the development phase and they are described in chapter Testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis deals with the mobile operating system, Android. It describes the basic of the system and options for application development. As a part of this thesis, the Help Desk application type was designed, implemented and tested. The application is designated for the companies from NejØemeslníci.cz and enables them to respond quickly to demand.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is an algorithmic analysis of historical financial data, identification of viable pairs and detection of trading impulses, resulting in a highly automated trading software. The paper describes the problem, analyses the requirements and proposes design for such software. Implementation and project management are described in the end.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this project is to propose and implement parallel path planning algorithm reflecting state-of-the-art methods.

The motivation is utilization of modern multicore computers for this task, commonly solved by a serial approach. This work describes main ideas and methods of the parallelization, where each thread attempts to expand most promising nodes.
 
There was implemented a generic framework in Java for parallel planning/space exploration, deploying two parallel search concepts: hash-distributed (HDA*), and work-stealing (PA*). 

A serial planner for plane's trajectory has been extended to run in this framework. 

The empirical results have shown that the original task can run faster in parallel. Properties and issues of each approach were discussed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis introduces practices and frameworks, which are used for Java applications
based on the Spring framework. Each mentioned framework is applied on typical enterprise
application and provides feedback data for comparison and introduction of testing scheme
to deliver products without bugs.
The thesis aims to spread the knowledge about the importance of testing and disproves
some typical arguments against the test creation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to evaluate performance and usability of selected Artificial Immune Systems (AIS) on the problem of classification and automatic processing of loosely structured free-text medical records. After a review on the state-of-the-art AIS algorithms, we have selected and implemented Artificial Immune Recognition System (AIRS) and Negative Selection Algorithm (NSA) algorithms as representatives. After preliminary testing and behaviour study we have altered the algorithms to fit provided datasets using (among others) modified distance metric based on the Damerau-Levenshtein distance. On the datasets sized 22 000 and 1 500 000 words, we have obtained the following best classification accuracy: 78.17 %, 65.80 % respectively for the AIRS and 81.22 %, 64.49 % respectively for the NSA.</td>]
[<td>In this work, we focus on the combination of visual and depth data in object detection. We propose an algorithm for object detection using a sliding window technique and a Bayesian-like classifier based on random ferns with Haar features. We test the algorithm on the car detection problem using a mobile robot for urban search and rescue equipped with a camera and a 3D lidar. The detector finds cars in a scene and estimates their approximate orientation. We show that the fusion of the visual images and the 3D data significantly improves the detection performance in comparison with utilizing only the visual data. The detector is able to overcome poor data quality from one of the sensors in harsh conditions.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on remote testing of users, also called “Teletesting”. This testing is mainly focused on cognitive functions and it is for users’ groups like patients, pensioners and people, who job required really good psychic state and immunity in stressful situations. Goals of this thesis were collecting suitable tests for this remote testing, then creating solutions and implementations for 3 representative tests and creating proposal for graphic representation of measured values from this tests.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis focuses on using cloud computing for technical-scientific calculations. Cloud computing becomes more and more popular in the field of web applications as well as many others. Research about cloud computing and the reviews of cloud vendors are focused to help discover the advantages but also risks of this technology.

We present a design and implementation of the Cloud Gunther application, to occur workflow, scheduling, and management of algorithmically demanding tasks automatically and effectively in a cloud environment using a web browser or REST API web service. 

The application was tested by researchers and scientists at Czech Technical University in Prague and it was evaluated this application has a great potential to simplify everyday research routines.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with a portion of a MOSFET parameter extraction algorithm that is responsible for solution of a set of linear equations in the multiple-modulus arithmetic of the residual number system. The arithmetic is especially appropriate for parallel computing hence it transforms solution of a set of linear equations onto solutions of multiple independent sets of linear congruencies. The algorithm of the solver is optimized for multiple processor cores at a thread level. The run and scalability of the algorithm is tested in Cesnet z. s. p. o\\\'s MetaCentrum NGI environment.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the design and implementation of monitoring application. The application is a service, which periodically monitors system parameters. It’s possible to notify system maintenance by email or SMS text message if monitored value exceeds error threshold value. The application uses monitoring modules, which implements monitoring of system parameters. Part of the application is user interface. It provides configuration of application and shows results of monitoring. Other parts of the thesis are set of basic monitoring modules and simple testing application, which verifies functionality of modules.</td>]
[<td>The thesis explores an algorithm for finding potential deadlocks in parallel programs written for the .NET Framework. Our goal is to simplify testing of parallel programs and to determine places in the code that could possibly cause problems and that should be examined as a part of the software testing life cycle.

We present a design and implementation of an algorithm for finding these potential deadlock possibilities by construction of a lock-order graph by a static code analysis. This graph represents the order in which locks are acquired by the program. Cycles in the graph indicate deadlock possibilities, and our tool reports them.

We evaluated the implementation on one commercial application and identified that 4 out of the 40 reported possibilities may lead to a deadlock. 
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to specify in detail, analyze, design and construct the information system for education support at the Department of Telecommunication Engineering at CTU Prague. The text tackles with each phase of the SW product development when so called “best practices” as recommended principles for reliable software development are applied. Strongly emphasizing quality monitoring, evaluation and enhancing the whole development process was being carefully watched on its way from initial inception to the deployment and maintenance phases. The introductory part of the diploma work consists of a short exploratory overview of recent e-learning information systems in order to capture the key user benefits.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis engages in solving problem of collecting media files from different sources in the network, identify them, sort them and make them available to other devices in the network. Identification and removal of duplicates and gathering additional information such as author, album, date, etc.

This thesis is divided into two parts. In the first part a technology and market overview of existing devices, software and similar solutions can be found.

The second part introduces one solution and shows the implementation of such solution. Further possibilities of the implementation will be also discussed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the utilization of flexible work zones, which have been created in the Flexi office project at Vodafone Czech Republic. The goal is to split zones into several groups according to similarity in work zones utilization to determine which zones should be placed on the same floor of the building. Another goal of this work is to find out a suitable model and a classifier for predicting the zones utilization in the coming days for utilization planning purposes and increasing efficiency of flexi office itself. The conclusion is devoted to evaluate the achievements of this work and possibilities of practical use within the company.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on physical behavior of ground vehicles in multiagent simulation. I have tried to implement common interface, which can be used for connecting to other simulations providing physical behavior of simulated ground vehicles. Resulting program demonstrates, how already existing technologies can be used to create physical simulation environment.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement a full-featured web client for accessing and manipulation of ExDB database servers. Java Enterprise Edition technology will be used for this implementation. Application is ment to be used by regular users and also by system administrators.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this diploma thesis is to assess the suitability of robotic simulator Webots for Nao robot applications implementation. The thesis includes solutions to few tasks which deal with the robot spatial orientation. Their focus corresponds to the objectives of HUMAVIPS project. Two applications extending the robot\\\'s navigation abilities were proposed and implemented. First one allows the robot to track a set of special graphical landmarks creating a path. Second one brings a possibility to detect a position of obstacles marked by graphical symbols. From detected objects it creates a map in which it can find the shortest path. During the applications creation the overall usefulness and benefit of the simulator were evaluated. The evaluation is mainly aimed to the possibility of transferring an application on a real robot. Some problems caused by using the simulator were revealed. The thesis deals with them as well. </td>]
[<td>The thesis takes part in a bilateral Czech-Argentinean project which aims to develop a framework intended for managing execution of data mining experiments within a GRID environment. The main goal of the thesis is to propose and subsequently validate a method for semi automatic construction of workflows representing data mining experiments. The proposed method constructs workflows combining two sources: experiment structure expressed as a template, and a set of user rules which designate transformation of the template into the final workflow. Our effort results in the proposition of ontology-based formalisation expressed in OWL language which determines the form of experiment definition as well as of the user transformation rules. We have also implemented an algorithm in Java which performs the template transformation and produces a workflow represented as a directed acyclic graph. To prove workflows being generated correctly we have also implemented a component for sequential workflow execution on a local computer. The second part of the thesis deals with the practical case study in order to validate results of the first part. We reconstruct a workflow of publicly available application XGENE.ORG using the proposed method and compare resulting outputs with those generated by the original version of the application.</td>]
[<td>POEMS algorithm achieves fairly good results in many tasks. Using an evolutionary algorithm evolving sequence of actions improving solutions, which is usually initialized at random, it can quickly converge to a global optimum in problems without a large number of local extremes. However, if the problem contains such extremes there is a high probability that the algorithm tends to converge to one of the local optima and the calculation stagnates.

This work investigates some possible extensions of the POEMS algorithm. The extension is inspired by the list used in Taboo search, where list of solutions, that are fatally penalized for choosing the new one, is implemented. All solutions that have already passed the algorithm are added to this list, thus preventing the return to the known solutions. Another extension is multiprototype POEMS version, which improves the algorithm from several different solutions and have the opportunity to explore a larger portion of searched space. Last version is the combination of two previous extensions - multiprototype taboo version, in which proceeds from a number of solutions, while penalizing them, to avoid their fusion. Experiments have shown that they are more successful than the original version of the algorithm when the problem contains many local extremes.</td>]
[<td>The first task is to create a simulation of electrocardiogram (ECG) of selected pathological heart rhythm. The course electrical heart vector (EHV) in 3D is created by composing of some parametric equations. The set of position vectors is created to define a 3D arrangement of electrodes according to patient\\\'s 12-lead ECG system. The potential at each electrode is calculated as a projection of EHV to the direction of position vector of electrode. The voltage of each lead is then calculated as a difference between potentials at appropriate pair of electrodes. This procedure was implemented on C# code language.
The second task is to suggest a simulation of spread electrical potential in heart electrical system with possibility of defect simulation. Suitable solution is taken from the Department of Medical Physics, University of Nijmegen. The simulation used the equivalent surface source model in which the sources are of the double layer type.
The third task is to create an application of representation ECG curves based on .NET platform. Created internet application run on Microsoft Silverlight 3 enabled simulated physiological and pathological ECG curves and so showed vectorcardiogram (VCG) in 3D area.</td>]
[<td>We show that automata can be described uniformly as coalgebras for a functor. For every such functor we present a modal language that allows us to speak about states of automata. We discuss soundness and completeness of semantics of our language.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with multicriteria optimization and genetic algorithm. In the concrete
it describes genetic algorithm solving bicriteria travelling salesman problem. The algorithm
develops sequence of actions that improves a solution. Several experiments were simulated.
Tested was various setting of the algorithm. Algorithm was tested on known instances of
data. Results were compared with results achieved by the algorithm Pareto local search.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the design and implementation of a web application intended for experts in bioinformatics. The application enables them to analyze gene expression data by various algorithms, especially including machine learning methods supported by the WEKA system. Data for the analysis are semi-automatically searched and downloaded from the public NCBI GEO database. The thesis first explains the application requirements; these requirements are then analyzed, resulting in the application design. Lastly, the application is implemented, and acceptance testing as well as operational testing is carried out.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to create a collection of standardized exercises for eye movements scanning. These exercises are to test properties and qualities of the algorithms of pupil recognition in the video signal. For this purpose a program in C# language for .NET platform has been written, which implements a set of 3 exercises according the EN ISO 9241-9 [1] norm and a set of 6 exercises reflecting special re-quirements of the I4Control® system. An experimental measurement verifying the ful-filment of the purpose has been implemented using these exercises. In the future, the set of exercises is supposed to be used as an instrument for testing algorithms for the I4Control® system developed in Gerstner laboratory at Department of Cybernetics, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Czech Technical University in Prague. In that way it will help to develop and release the system into general use.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on exploration of possibilities simulator of artificial life and comparing them with mine simulator. It also includes familiarization with the relevant accession and concepts in the field of artificial life simulation and research group MRG (Mobile Robots Group). Also contains description of three-dimensional simulator of artifical life.</td>]
[<td>The idea of communication between human and computer is same old as electronic computer. Actually, in the last decade a remarkable development in that domain has been done thanks to rapidly growing computer power and huge scientific progress. The first aim of this bachelor thesis is to study and compare several speech analysis and synthesis frameworks. The second aim is to apply this know-how to real project: voice driven robot.</td>]
[<td>One distinct problem that arises in controlling prostheses remotely from the nervous system are the different time delays involved – particularly where feedback is present.

This paper is initial study into the topic, it should map the background, design and perform a survey and suggest future work.
A simple click-it game with increasing time delay was designed and implemented and 65 participants were tested on their ability to deal with the time delay. Time needed to perform a task and misses was measured, concluding general ability to deal with the delay, as well as a bit from learning abilities.

The program used is easy to modify and could be used for following research.</td>]
[<td>This work is concerned with the currently hot problem of integration and exploitation of bioinformatic data for purposes of relational machine learning. The goal of this thesis is an agent which builds and maintains a relational and ontologic database of genomic knowledge. This knowledge base will subsequently serve as the source of background knowledge for sakes of classification. There is a large quantity of public bioinformatic knowledge sources, but these are very  heterogenous, and thus it is not easy to integrate the respective content sourced from them. In the web space, more than ten public bioinformatic databases  are available, which compete, complement each other and collaborate. It is thus a challenge to meaningfully  merge the available information to maximally exploit it in classification tasks. In this work we demonstrate that semantic knowledge technologies offer suitable means for integration of various relevant  bioinformatic data, for their further analysis through  machine learning methods. We further augment this semantic approach by technologies enabling inductive  logic programming systems to directly access the  content of the constructed semantic bioinformatic knowledge base, in their native relational representation. From experiments, we conclude that semantic web technologies provide principally suitable means for genomic data integration, but are currently inacceptably slow for sakes of data mining support. Therefore, more efficient implementations will be required by data miners in the next developments of this young technology.</td>]
[<td>Aim that baccalaureate work was creates software tool susceptible writing short text news through system I4CONTROL. System further filling - up function dictionary, to whose can save most often used words eventually phrase.</td>]
[<td>The task is to create a simulation of electrocardiogram (ECG) of normal heart sinus rhythm. The course electrical heart vector (EHV) in 3D is created by composing of some parametric equations. The set of position vectors is created to define a 3D arrangement of electrodes according to patient\\\'s 12-lead ECG system. The potential at each electrode is calculated as a projection of EHV to the direction of position vector of electrode. The voltage of each lead is then calculated as a difference between potentials at appropriate pair of electrodes. This procedure was implemented on MATLAB code language platform (a batch application was developed) and on MATLAB/Simulink platform (a simulation model was developed) as well. The ECG curve generator was successfully integrated to project \\</td>]
[<td>The incidence of joint fractures is increasing and has become one of the major health problems in developed countries. Our low-cost motivated rehabilitation system enables clinicians to prescribe, demonstrate and monitor patient rehabilitation protocols during and between clinical visits. With its unique biofeedback feature is useful for continuous patient’s motivation. The proposed system can be used in wide spectrum of rehabilitation scenario by simply downloading appropriate protocols. The hardware and software architecture (communication protocols, power management policies and application-level control) have been tuned to optimize cost, battery autonomy and real-time performance required for this application. The main advantages of the proposed system is home-based rehabilitation, low-cost and good user accessability.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis delivers the audio guide, which has been used in real deployment at Lidice Memorial. The guide is intended for Android enabled mobile devices are expected to accompany visitors of Lidice Memorial on their visit. This work describe design, implementation, deployment and evaluation; all accomplished according to request obtained from Sonosfera, an alternative performers' group. The guide exploits GPS and comprehensive audio mix features along with complex content configuration in order to bring new user experience into Lidice Memorial. Moreover, a few battery performance evaluations were made to reveal possible shortcomings of the guide's features.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis was to familiarize with possibilities of evaluation of pathologic speech with focus on Parkinson\\\'s disease (PD) and realization of solution in order to encapsulate selected algorithms into an application. Important feature of solution is option of recording audio track on fly and  well-arranged representation of resultant view for summary and detail. Final software is able to separate group of patients with PD from healthy control group by voice signal based algorithms.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis discusses the analysis, the design and the implementation of a precise measure board for monitoring of hemodynamic parameters of cardiovascular system. The first and main output of this thesis is a measure board containing a pressure sensor, an AD converter and an optically coupled USB interface. The second output is a control application gathering data from the device and saving it to a text file for later use. The third part of the thesis is considering parameters and the actual usability of the device. The thesis also includes the description of some recommended modifications and extensions of the device.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is a proposal and a realization of transistor oscillator in a micro stripline. The oscillator consists of a unipolar transistor, a resonator indicating frequency and a impedance transformer securing the impedance adjustment and oscillation. The oscillator is proposing firstly of a small-signal model. And then with a help of load-pull techniques we get the parameters impedance connected to the transistor output, for which the oscillator has got the best possible parameters. The proposal will be done in AWR Microwave Office application. Load-pull techniques will be done with a help of the tuner from Maury company. Both methods are going to be compared and the achieved results will be evaluated.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with possibility application of commercial RFID system Trolley Ponder for the identification of athlete in mass races. On the basis of the mathematical model and measurement of power level by means of tests antennas a optimalization of system has been performed. The purpose is an achievement of a sufficient power back up. The optimalization consists in the configuration of power level, possition and tilt of antennas and choice of polarization. The consequential is the design of TAGs antenna. The system function is verified by an outdoor test. In the conclusion improvement of the system is indicated.</td>]
[<td>Main goal of this diploma thesis is to design and construct the high-frequency
hardware of vector network analyzer.
In the diploma thesis is discussed and designed solution of low-frequency signal of
output from IQ demodulator together with regulation and generating of the operating
signals. Furthermore the diploma thesis contains design of a software control of
synthesizers ELSY SG2000.</td>]
[<td>Design and realization of a wide bandwidth frequency doubler in a balanced structure with positive multiplication gain. Balanced structure contains two simply frequency doublers and Wilkinson power dividers. An unipolar transistor FET was used as an active element. Design with using large signal Curtice model and comparing with low signal model in AWR Microwave Office environment. Realization on microstrip line.</td>]
[<td>This text discusses the possibility of using a device developed in the Institute of Radio Engineering and Electronics (Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic) to investigate the electromagnetic vibrations of yeast cells at a frequency of 42 GHz. Measurement in this frequency band is based on the Fröhlich’s theory of coherent oscillations in biological systems and on the experiments of Grundler and Keilmann, both of which are described in this text. Also discussed are the structure of the cytoskeleton and its functional cellular organization, the theory of random signals, their statistical representation and noise theory. The article includes a detailed description of the laboratory equipment used and the program used to evaluate the results obtained. On the basis of our findings we have concluded that this equipment is unsuitable for the investigation of electromagnetic vibrations in yeast cells, because mean value of emission is measured. We assumed that the oscillations have a tesseral character.</td>]
[<td>This work summarizes the basic knowledge of microwave thermotherapy. It gives brief overview about biological effects of electromagnetic field and about their application in hyperthermia. Next part discusses design of local microwave applicator (frequence 434 MHz, effective aperture 80 x 90 mm). For simulation the electromagnetic field simulator CST Microwave studio 5.1 and SEMCAD is used. The last part deals with results of simulations and measuration.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with using a shielded slotline with finite width of substrate for a  design of leaky wave antenna. The line dispersion characteristics depending on the line dimensions and the used substrate are studied using the programme for microwave line analyse. The leaky wave antenna is designed and fabricated on the basis of computed characteristics and computer simulations. Measured antenna radiation patterns are compared with the results of computer simulations.

Keywords: shielded slotline with finite width of substrate, leaky wave antenna, dispersion characteristics, 
</td>]
[<td>The following thesis describes the basic principle and design of a varactor loaded phase shifter. The phase shifter consists of microstrip transmission lines that are periodically loaded with varactor diodes. Phase velocity on these varactor diode-loaded microstrip lines is a function of applied reverse bias, thus  resulting in analog phase-shifting circuits. The designed phase shifter meets the requirements of at least 90° phase shift over an octave bandwidth.

Index Terms – Phase shifter, varactors, microstrip transmission line</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the substitution of the conductor-backed slotline by the
waveguide with the longitudinal slot namely for the four widths of the slot (6, 10, 12, 14 mm).
The aim of the investigation is to compare the dispersion characteristics of the dominant mode
on the conductor-backed slotline and of the modes on the waveguide with the longitudinal
slot.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is simulation of basic problems in theory of electromagnetic waves. Themes, which were chosen from this large area, are plane wave, transmission lines, waveguides and resonators. The phenomenons were simulated in programme CST Microwave Studio using numerical method FDTD. The project\\\'s outputs are CD with models used for simulation and web pages, which contain the results of simulation with appropriate comments. The pages can be used like study material for students. Chosen problems are similar to problems solved in course Waves and transmission lines.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is aimed at wireless radio communication in underground premises, specificaly for speleological purposes. The main contents is observing and describing of the environment attenuation. 
The theoretical part discusses the possibilities of wave propagation in this environment and categorizes them as: long wave propagation (LF to VLF band, earth current), short wave propagation (HF band) and especially the propagation of very short and ultra short waves (VHF and UHF band). It is completed with practical experience with various radio communication links, theoretical and practical processes of attenuation and discusses the criteria of the communication equipment project.
The practical part describes the realised experiments on UHF band in various types of underground premises. It compares them with preferably simple models and suggests its possible adjustments. Practical conclusions are made up from the results of the measuring.</td>]
[<td>Antenna’s polarization properties aren’t provided as often as its radiation pattern. But especially the knowledge of complete polarization characteristic can determine the use of particular antenna.
 The simplest method called polarization-pattern method was chosen from various techniques used for polarization measurements. It provides enough information to determine the polarization ellipse of measured antenna.
The measurement is enabled by the use of a polarization rotator, which was equipped with a stepping motor controlled by its control unit. The position of the polarization rotator is set by a DLL library, which was added to the main program used for measuring antenna’s characteristics. This program also processes measured values.
The measurement system could be improved by adding a position sensor and a microcontroller which would process data from the sensor and which would also control the position of the polarization rotator.
This task due to its broad area of interest brought a lot of theoretical knowledge from the field of polarization measurement and also a lot of experience with the realization of measurement systems.
</td>]
[<td>This work deals with problems of character and shape of electromagnetic field around a wedge, especially how the field changes in dependence on modifications of the wedge humidity.
A Matlab model was programmed to simulate an experiment which had been made before. The model is based on an earlier created program that calculates a diffraction on the wedge using Uniform theory of diffraction.
	key words: radiowave propagation, diffraction
</td>]
[<td>Microwave thermotherapy
   First part of this work summarizes the basic knowledge of microwave thermotherapy, which is connected with electromagnetic field. It gives a conspectus biological electromagnetic field’s effects and of a principle of destruction of tumors in healthy tissue used in hyperthermy and of set of devices included in thermotherapeutical suite.

Applicators for microwave thermotherapy
   In the second part there are the particular types of thermotherapeutical applicators described. The general attention is paid to applicators for local thermotherapy, and to their construction.
Third part considers measurement methods of specific absorption rate (SAR).

Waveguide-horn applicator
   The general task of this work is design and construction of an applicator for local thermotherapy (frequence 434 MHz, aperture 150x100 mm). The computer electromagnetic field’s simulator “CST Microwave Studio 5.0” is used for this purpose.

   The whole work is then a part of development of applicators, which could take the place of the bulk applicators contained in the suit “Hyperthermia System 4010” placed e. g. in Institute of radiation oncology on teaching hospital Na Bulovce in Prague.
</td>]
[<td>Goal of this diploma thesis was design and realization of system for scanning radio traffic in band 100 MHz to 2 GHz. This work briefly covers multiple mixing heterodyne theory, which the system is based on. Further follows system block design and its justification. Detailed circuits design and corresponding measured results for individual blocks are merged together for better understanding. Many times during design was necessary to adjust design criteria according to measured results, that is why design and measurement create one unbreakable logical block. Whole system is controlled by specially created software which is described at the end.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, the overview of the current localization methods in wireless LAN networks is given. The M - Nearest Neighbors Method with the received signal strength intensity as location fingerprint was chosen. The fingerprint database can be created in two ways - by measurement or by estimation, using an empirical propagation model. The One Slope Model was used, due to its minimal requirements on the input data. Both localization methods were verified in 4 different two-story buildings. The optimal parameters of the localization algorithm were established. For the accuracy of the localization, the density and number of the network access points and the settlement of the building is decisive.</td>]
[<td>This Master Thesis is focused on reliable file download by many users within UMTS network and correction of errors that are caused by transfer over radio connection. The third generation of mobile technologies (3G) offers multimedia streaming and data transmission over broadcast or multicast bearers. The Multimedia Broadcast Multicast service (MBMS) bearers provide a point to multipoint data transmission from one source to many receivers. The reliable file download requires that the recipients have to be able to reconstruct the transmitted file without reminding errors. Users experience losses during the point-to-multipoint transmission due to radio connection. The Forward Error Correction (FEC) followed by a file repair procedure guarantee the reliable transfer of data. The point-to-multipoint transmission is simulated in order to evaluate the balancing of the repair function of the FEC and the point-to-point repair procedure. MBMS services shall be offered to a large number of users. This might cause collisions in uplink and overloads in downlink during the point-topoint repair procedure. Possible collisions and overloads are avoided by spreading of data requests over time. The point-to-point file repair procedure is simulated using different configurations to evaluate the process of the file repair procedure and to minimize the duration of the file repair procedure. Results of the simulations using different configurations are evaluated and compared. Additionally the problem of a handover that causes burst errors during the broadcast or multicast phase is simulated and evaluated.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis Aplicator for Microwave Thermotherapy deals with design, construction and testing of waveguide applicator filled destilled water. The applicator is made of brass and operating in the TE10 mode with size of aperture 100x75 mm. Numeric verification of distribution SAR in the homogenous plane fantom is accomplish with simulator of electromagnetic field Microwave Studio. Experimental verification of distribution SAR is accomplish with thermocamera FLIR P25. In the conclusion is evaluated clinical properties applicator for therapy subsurface located tumors (to 3 cm).</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with problems of an optimization and updates of corporate websites, which are sources of information for most of employees of these corporations. The theoretical part describes a history of the internet and its development until its most recent form. The next part is dedicated to the SEO, advertisement on the internet, web design and to the evaluation of content management systems and their applicability in the real corporate environment. In the practical part there is an analysis of a real corporate web-site carried out. The findings from the theoretical part were used in the practical one to achieve the optimization demanded.</td>]
[<td>The master's thesis focuses on the problem of using real options solutions on cloud technology and systematic usage of both technologies in corporate strategy. Base of the thesis consists of cloud technology and real options definitions. This is then used as a~model for aplication in real corporate IT strategy. As a result there is a~complete case study of a~typical deployment.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis Internet marketing and video presentation is divided into two basic parts. The theoretical part serves as a general introduction to the practical part. It contains a general definition of classical marketing, its brief development, since the beginning of civilization to the present day, and strategy. It also includes basic marketing tools, history and evolution of the Internet and especially internet marketing tools that manufacturers are trying to achieve their goals. Work is also about the following issues, such as how search engines work, what does the acronym SEO to reach the first positions in the search. The theoretical part of this work is the history and development of YouTube, its technology, basic types of videos, their formation and recommendations on what to avoid during their creation and on the other hand, what to focus on. The practical part of the thesis applies the acquired knowledge and knowledge of the theoretical part of the custom design, recording and video optimization, specifically dance promotional video of the Art Edition, which is intended to improve PR and overall awareness of the dance group.</td>]
[<td>Venture capital is an important source of financing for young innovative companies. The goal of this thesis is to capture the status of current venture capital market and it tries to explain why the potential of venture capital is not used as effectively as it could be. The first part concentrates on analysis of investors in Central European Region. Moreover, the author proceeds to find common characteristics of the invested companies and identify current trends in investment. The second part describes public sector projects involved in the world of innovation and investment. In the last section, the author summarizes the problems, which the investment market suffers from. Lastly, he proposes several possible solutions derived from more developed investment markets.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focusing on the use of social networks in commercial and noncommercial institutions. The introductory part is aiming especially on history, origin and future of social networks. The next part provides information on the most successful modern networks and gradually shifts towards theoretical analysis followed by theoretical introduction to algorithm EdgeRank. The practical part provides the insight on utilization of marketing analysis and uses the basics of the theoretical part to describe the functioning of classification algorithm on the examples of real existing companies.</td>]
[<td>Work is about problematic of security of cloud computing. Theoretical part includes basic information about cloud: what is it cloud, types and important properties. The basic element of theoretical part is legislation, current state and differences between individual states. Work describes in detail Terms and Conditions and describes security of cloud and differences against on-premise solution and more.
In practical part there are summarized real security issues that occurred in the past at public cloud security services. At the end of the work i recommend for which company size is it worth to choose cloud or if it’s better to stay at on-premise solution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to cover basic information concerning internet social networking sites as well as it intends to draw attention to various possibilities of utilizing these services as educational tools which accelerate communication in the academic environment. The first part of the thesis deals with general characterisation of social networking  sites  and offers overview of the most popular community  websites. It also describes risks relevant to the usage of social networking and mentions Czech and foreign social websites suitable for studying purposes. The second part concentrates on implementing particular social networking sites into education in order to improve and accelerate specific educational processes.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is to analyze possible development of large big companies Samsung and Apple. The basis of this project is a definition of general forecast principles and methods. Further, there is 
information about history of both companies. A key part of this bachelor thesis are forecasts analysis for individual pruducts and services.</td>]
[<td>This work describes characteristics and  the basic principles of statistical process 
control and tools used in quality control of processes. Also basics of statistical sampling 
and regulation are discussed. Application of these methods was done in manufacturing 
company  operating  in  timber  production.  Business  processes  within  the  company  has 
been  mapped.  Factors  influencing  development  and  profitability  of  the  company  has 
been  discovered.  Based  on  this  analysis  were  recommendations  on  how  to  improve
processes and improve efficiency of the company management. Furthermore differences 
between  methods  of  measurement  had  been  calculated  and  their  economic  value  –
missed income. Also steps to minimize these negative factors are proposed in this work.</td>]
[<td>My Bachelor’s thesis deals with possibilities of using the cloud technologies in small and medium business. The theoretical part is about cloud computing, about it‘s definitions, characteristics and type sof cloud. The other part is devoted to SMB segment specification and to potentially suitable cloud services for this segment. In the practical part is case study about establishing cloud technologies in one particular company. This last part also shows the suitability of using this solution in that company.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis aims to provide closer insight on cloud computing and analyze its
potential use in the lifecycle of company´s processes. It summarizes in itself the
delivery and character of this technology, the market situation and the economic aspect.
The main benefit is being discussed in the case study, which includes the </td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is to prepare and present some IT realizations in hypotetical nuclear powerplant. The aim of this thesis is the realization several types of subjects, their economic evaluation based on the criteria, selection of the most suitable realization with economical and management reasons why and creation of universal model
adaptable to other ogranizations.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with becoming familiar with the CRM system and its problems. The
important part is to determine whether to use the cloud or not. The work is divided into two larger
units; the first being the theoretical part and practical implementation of the process being the
second.
The output of this work is theoretical decisions about the progress of implementation of CRM system
and then performing of functional implementation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with information, historical development, current trends and comparison of financial products, particularly from Allianz insurance company and Kooperativa insurance company. There are presented details of the products in the thesis. These products offer business insurance and there are specific offers of the Allianz insurance company, Kooperativa insurance company and Czech insurance company.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the work </td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with issues related to project management at Igeva software. Thesis is divided into two parts. In the first part, the issues are first analyzed than is suggested which processes should be supported by information system. In the second part are assessed existing information systems and eventually is created a prototype of information system.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on the current trend of media streaming in the last couple of years. The theoretic part contains a brief description of terms and principles related to the technology of streaming followed by the history and prognosis of its further development and application. The goal of the practical section is to introduce the possibility of monetization of live streaming broadcast in terms of the partnership program of the online video platform Twitch.TV and the basic software equipment to make the broadcast a reality.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with generic description of finance planning and his software support at academic environment of technical university. The work also includes application designed in IBM Cognos software which is used as a support for finance planning of research grants and optimal decision making by gain of academic points that represents RIV points used as important part of K quality index that has potential to be the key element for financing public universities in the Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this bachelor’s thesis is description of ERP systems, their structure and possibility to run in cloud environment. It is divided into several parts. The first one is about ERP specifications, the second one is about ERP market aiming to cloud products, and the last one is case study. The goal of case study is to consider cloud realization from customer’s and provider’s point of view. If it is technically possible to realize it and what benefits it brings to customers.</td>]
[<td>IBM Czech Republic prepares student programs for students of universities. The
goal of my thesis is to summarize the basic information about these programs,
describe how they look and evaluate the various activities which are associated
with programs. Although the company has a very elaborated systems of
evaluation, the assessment of the student programs has only a very limited extent,
and therefore I suggest a coherent and comprehensive system of assessment of
student programs.</td>]
[<td>This thesis starts with general introduction to principles of freedom at work. Subsequently, six companies from Czech Republic who endorse the freedom at work principles, are described in more detail and compared with each other and confronted with theoretical foundations.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis focuses on the comparison of virtualization and cloud computing at a~server level that allows it. The intention is to create a comprehensive comparison which can be used for decisions made in practical world.
The base of this thesis is created by definitions and models of both technologies, their providers on the market and the pros and cons to consider before their integration into the corporate infrastructure.
Case study of a~typical deployment is also included and it shows total costs of server virtualization and cloud computing in corporate infrastructure.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to define, research and compare approaches of the economical appraisal of an energy system development. In the first part of this thesis the possibilities of calculating the investment economical effectiveness are described including newer criteria GNPV and MIRR. For the correct use of GNPV the author explores and discusses the essential factors related to the economical evaluations. The findings are then used for complete derivation of the energy system development criterion using both NPV as well as GNPV methods. The use of GNPV criteria is completely original way of solving economical problems related to an energy system development. At the end both criteria are compared with each other and the final suggestion of the suitability use is derived.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this Diploma Thesis „Financial analysis of information technology companies― is to apply methods of financial analysis to evaluate overall economic results of the technology company KIT Digital, Inc. A part of the evaluation is comparison of current financial performance with values common among similar comparable companies. Using the acquired results, the specifics of examined company are analyzed and its future finance development is estimated.</td>]
[<td>The dokument is a short introduction into real option evaluation. I tis dividend into free main chapters. First part describes simple financial options and methods for their valuation. Second part describes different types of real options in more detail. Last chapter  is about implementation of program for evalutation of simple type sof real options.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis contains a basic description of the most used spreadsheets.
I describe which functions must not absent in this kind of applications and I compare already existing spreadsheets to my own software.
My thesis also contains a comparing of machine languages and integrated development environments with the objective to determine which one is optimal for a creation of a spreadsheet.
Last two chapters describe a testing of the programme and eventual inadequacies, which the programme includes.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with the segmentation of the telecommunication market in the Czech Republic. The main focus is on fixed technologies. The thesis includes theory about market segmentation, suggests methods for market segmentation and shows the criteria suitable for segmentation of telecommunication markets. The main part is devoted to the design of a new segmentation in the business &amp; corporate sector of the telecommunication market based on real data. </td>]
[<td>This work focuses on a diagnosis of cross faults in complex branched distribution systems, preferably local one-phase unbalanced faults (single-phase-to-ground connections and single-phase-to-ground short-circuits).

Main aim of this work is to firstly theorethically describe all kinds of power network setups and generally describe all kinds of cross faults, then to compute parameters of a real powerline (transformer node voltage against ground in non-affected state for all kinds of power networks, shunt capacitances and operational inductances) and to simulate single-phase-to-ground fault in a distribution system model using the MATLAB Simulink environment. In the simulation, there is an accent on simililarity of the model to a real distribution system, therefore only mutual couples between conductors are ommited. Both short-circuits and ground connections are not thought of as ideal (i.e. non-resistive) elements and the powerline is loaded only with three-phase RLC load. The behaviour of the cross faults is then derived from the model. 
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to provide an analysis of light emitting diode parameters in view  of current trends. 
The theoretical part deals with history, current trends and assumed progress of LEDs. Fundamental parameters of light emmiting diodes are also described.
The practical part is devided into two chapters which deal with heat and light parameters of LEDs. Heat management concentrates on deflecting heat from the chip of LED and their heating effects on surroundings. In the next part principles, recommendations and the most frequently measured parameters according to directions of CIE 127 are explained. The last part is devoted to the measured values, analysis of selected types of LEDs and their data comparison with data provided by the manufacture.
</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the diagnosis of classical contact and uncontrolled electronic ignition. The aim was to propose a measuring device for determining the basic parameters required for ignition system diagnostics. The result of this work is measuring appliance suitable for use in any measuring device.</td>]
[<td>In my baccalaureate work I want be concerned with metering single-phase transformer questions. At metering classical methods without usage modern measuring and computer technology is metering very time-consuming and his processing and evaluation lengthy. This work should reduce time resources and needed manpower on minimum. Tendency is imposing this facilitation to the education and providing students to pay more attention to given questions during the class, so the mere metering can occur to state confirmation their theoretic presumptions.

To this work keep at one\\\'s disposal wattage analyzer NORMA D- 4000, development environment LAB Windows CVI and the mere measured object – transformer.

Purpose of work is simplify not only metering, but also reading data. It\\\'ll be realized so, that the measuring data programme exports directly to programme Microsoft Office Excel, where is user able to corresponding them so ever in a way and according to his discretion evaluate.
</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this work is to create user interface, which enables measurement on asynchronous motor with squirrel-cage rotor, and will be used in education on CTU FEE. Data will be directly exported into Microsoft Excel sheet for their further analysis.
Using the power analyser, as a modern tool in education saves work and, due to this, a time, because user is not supposed to use couple of different measurement devices, which even eliminates measurement uncertainty. Whole measurement is highly effective and repeatable.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work focuses on the electromagnetic compatibility of power systems; the causes of the reactive power origin and its influence, compensation and filtration of harmonics by passive and active filters. The next part further deals with the methods of controlling active filters; the implementation of chosen algorithm and measuring of the backward influence of a rectifier on the electrical power network for different types of load.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes characteristics and principles of basic safety and protecting low voltage electrical devices. Next it is concerned with measuring of impedance of these devices depending on frequency and with calculating its substitute RLC circuits. Substitute circuits are used to calculate signal attenuation on a low voltage instalation model. Calculated and measured values predicate about possible usage of data transfer via power lines using PLC (BPL) standard.</td>]
[<td>This bachaelor thesis is about inovating traction system in experimental car. The result
of this thesis should complete car with hub motors. Power supply by photovoltaic energy
is not elaborated here.</td>]
[<td>This dissertation thesis is engaged in handling of small direct current motorsMAXON. It contains main division of robot’s driving and concentrates in detail on the construction of belt robot. There are described used components, electric scheme and setting of regulators of EPOS units. There is an explanation of the method, how to use library
EposCmd.dll, which is provided by manufacturer, for developing handling software. This dissertation thesis includes program Robot.exe for MS Windows, which allows handling of the belt robot.</td>]
[<td>The mechanical robot driven engine MAXON EC-max 22 </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis focuses on the D-class amplifier issues. Amplifier classes are briefly described. Basic principles and amplifier stages of a D-class amplifier and the the complex impedance of a loudspeaker impact on modulation frequency attenuation is also described. Further part of the thesis contains the particular realisation of a D-class amplifier with a new type modulator and its measurements.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the creation of an information system in technology XWiki. The system is web for department of university and contain study information. In addition to basic information about the members of the department and articles imported from the faculty IS 
provides supplementary information and further list of publications and grants to individual faculty members.
XWiki Platform enabled the creation of a comprehensive system compared to the existing site, which will be replaced. The work includes the analysis, design and implementation of an information system in accordance with the practice of software engineering and attaches administrator guide</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis, Battery Tester (year 2010), details a theoretically-designed device developed for the purpose of charging, discharging, and testing electrical batteries.  The device design was approved, and following approval, the device was constructed at the department of electrotechnology.

This final thesis summarizes the device construction process, provides information on the final product, and gives an overview of the device's functions and potential.  The outcome of the thesis is a functional device that has been fully tested, reflects the original concept, and is useable for the proposed purposes.  Additionally, this work is intended to serve as the complete device documentation, including suggested future uses for academic research and commercial purposes.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This nal project has ambition to bring slightly comprehensible and theoretically valuable overview in dielectric strenght of solid and liquid insulation materials. It\\\'s splitted to four main parts. First part is about theories of electrical breakdown in solids and liquids. In second part is browsed the methodics of dielectric strenght measuring following actual valid czech standards. In third part, which is about the real measuring in school laboratory, there\\\'s putting emphasis to practically verify the gained theoretical knowledge. Fourth part is valorization of whole project.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes a project to calculate the parameters of the ballistic curve of the given input data and displaying the calculated ballistic curve in several formats.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creation of an interactive web demonstration of Fermi acceleration. At first an algorithm computing a time evolution of Fermi acceleration is designed and implemented. Then posibilities of creating interactive web demonstrations in computer algebra systems Wolfram Mathematica and Sage are reviewed and the interactive web demonstrations are created using both of them.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on a security analysis of a widely used application. It describes processes of discovering security vulnerabilities and applies them find and evaluate security of the application. Another important part of thesis is also a model example of a possible exploitation the discovered security vulnerabilities. Finally, the thesis gives recommendations, how to mitigate the vulnerabilities and increase the overall application security.</td>]
[<td>Penetration Testing, i.e. shortly pentesting, is a well known method of security
testing, yet there is no work discussing penetration testing for car networks,
like CAN or FlexRay. This thesis analyses existing pentesting methodologies
and tools and discusses their possible use in the automotive industry for
testing the Electronic Control Units (ECU). As a result of the research we
conducted on penetration testing, we present why the OWASP Testing Guide
methodology is a suitable for in-car networks pentesting.

The work then focusses on the technique of fuzzing and its application for
the UDS protocol. The fuzzing tool, so called fuzzer, is designed by us respecting
the specifics of UDS testing. For the delivery mechanism of the fuzzer we
propose a way to easily deal with statefulness of the UDS protocol. For the
monitoring system we proposed a method to resolve the fuzzing result based
only on the response returned by the ECU. The prototype fuzzer for fuzzing
DoCAN, the implementaion of UDS on CAN network, is then developed using
the open source fuzzing framework Peach, which was found to be suitable for
this task.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis presents the most frequently used principles for network elements monitoring. The next part of the theoretical part of the thesis observes 10 monitoring tools chosen by the author of the thesis. The monitoring tools were selected in compliance with the following requirements: the availability of open-source version of the monitoring tool and also the existence of corresponding communities, which constantly strive to find the solution for arising problems with the particular monitoring tool. The next part of this thesis presents the outcomes of the research concerning the best monitoring tools available to the author of the thesis. Certain criteria were specified prior to the selection of the most convenient tool, i.e. compatibility with OS Windows, reduced hardware requirements, support of SNMP v3 protocol and the facility for writing one's own scripts (modules). The most appropriate monitoring tool adjusted to the established purposes is Cacti, whose implementation on the operation system Windows Server 2008 R2 is further discussed along with its initial configuration.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor's thesis deals design and analysis Pollard's p-1 factorization algorithm at first, 
where the key parts of methods are said. This section contains inter alia brief method description, 
where the main functionality and principle of the algorithm are shown. Furthermore, the work deals with the theoretical basis
of the algorithm, where the functionality is also show mathematically. At the end of analysis, there is mentioned practical
use of this factorization method. 

Implementation part of work is focused mainly on measurements on STAR cluster and running time compare in different situations.
There is also representation of functional of created implementation in pseudo-code and sample run.
At the end of implementation part, there is user manual attached, 
which shows basic work and settings created implementation of Pollard's p-1 algorithm.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this bachelor's thesis is to introduce SharePoint 2013 platform into local operation. The solution of this problem was done through implementation of virtual platform Hyper-V on a physical server. This thesis represents a detailed guide for introducing of SharePoint 2013 platform and includes installation and configuration of domain controller, SQL Server and load balancing function.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the research and analysis of the BitTorrent protocol and the P2P DHT systems CAN, Tapestry, Pastry, Chord, Koorde and especially P2P DHT system Kademlia. The work then describes the implementation protocol based on Kademlia system, allowing any joining and leaving nodes of the cluster Clondike. The benefit is an increase in the total count of nodes that can be connected to the cluster -- scalability improvements.</td>]
[<td>This work is dedicated to GSM network security mostly from the baseband perspective. Baseband is phone firmware responsible for all radio communication via air interface. While most contemporary studies are focused on attacks that take advantage of poor security implementations, architecture, and development of smartphone applications, few of them take in consideration second operation system of the device (baseband). 

Weak points of the OS and network architecture are shown, complemented with possible attack scenarios. Part of the research is concentrated on the necessary hardware and software to start an attack via the GSM network. Tools required for reverse engineering and its ways are described as well.

The contribution of the current research is to build a classification of GSM vulnerabilities and thus, an attempt to put together the most recent discovered weaknesses, and their corresponding countermeasures.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about development of a desktop application for data storages configuration (disks, partitions and LVM2 storages) for GNU/Linux operating system. Its goal is to create a graphical interface for Blivet module which is currently used in Fedora distribution installer. Thesis result is a GTK+ application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis deals with design and implementation of server infrastructure, which goal is to provide web developers with easy tool to test rendering of web applications on different browsers and different operation systems.  Thanks to this infrastructure both solo developers and developer teams are able to minimize their time spent with testing and to test with more accuracy, better quality and efficiency.</td>]
[<td>The variety of operating systems and programs often leads to problems during the software development. This work is dedicated to those problems and searches for solutions using Vagrant and Chef. It includes examples of the problems and a configuration of virtual environment targeted mainly for web developers. The environment is tested and the thesis contains information about launching it as well.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents one of the many views on the infrastructure information system. Provides a description of the basic features of such a system, analysis of existing solutions and reasons to create your own system. An important part of this work is the software itself, which is included on the CD.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor's thesis deals with the development of the support for secure devices meeting the IEEE1667 Standard for the Linux Operating System. The thesis creates environment which opens this device up for users and developers. It offers unified interface not just for programmers of user applications, but also for hardware manufacturers, who can use it to develop new devices.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a proposal for restructing of a computer network with focus on the fault-tolerant design, a suitable choice of an open source software for network monitoring and data backup, and its deployment within limited budget.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of network application for graphical presentation of the diagnostic data generated by modules during processing of radar data for the needs of the company ELDIS Pardubice, s.r.o. The first part consists of the analysis of tools used in network communication in radar systems of this company. Further parts deal with design of the application and its implementation. Application is implemented using Python 3 language.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis my work is focused on expanding aviable functionalities of robot robot-fit by implementing interactive calibration for stereo camera setup, unified interface for adjusting parameters of robot, speeding up processing of pictures from camera for smoother response to user and by implementing aditional algorithms for finding stereo correspondence from OpenCV library. Robot's system is running on RoBoard motherboard with linux operating system and Wi-Fi for comunication with client application running on Android system. Client application offers interface for robot's control and textual/visual feedback from robot. Changes includes both theses systems.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is research of privileges and policies in MS Exchange and propose of their optimal configuration for sharing free/busy. I will create a Windows application capable of obtaining free/busy from MS Exchange via protocol EEE. Next part will be a documentation for administrators about deployment and configuration of the application. At last I will create tests and integrate them into system Jenkins</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the analysis of a commercial whole disk encryption software, especially the analysis of location and security of the symmetric encryption keys storage. The thesis describes the identified structure of meta-data stored by the software and the data structures related to the encryption keys. Next, the implementation of several tools for accesing the meta-data and the encryption keys and for disk decryption is described.</td>]
[<td>PaaS is a very young category of the cloud which allows developers to concentrate just on implementation of web applications and does not bother them with preparation of the platform. The goal of this thesis is comparison of current PaaS clouds and emphasis their advantages and disadvantages. The part of thesis is demonstration of overload and analysis of behaviour during scaling of applications.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis was creation of an application for iOS platform which generates QR payments. A main part of this thesis is backing-up every single QR payment with all the details related to these payments. 

After a thorough read-over of the QR payment standard, there was an analysis of already existing applications in this field taking place. This thesis consequently dedicates itself to the implementation and programming part. At the end of this thesis there are already some test made on the created application. 

During the creation of this application I have come into contact with many interesting problems. This application is running on final testing stage via TestFlight platform and it is going to be available also on App store in the future.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis focuses on central monitoring of RouterOS based devices.
The thesis describes different approaches to central monitoring, an analytical
part of design of the implementation, the implementation itself and a
discussion of implementation's efficiency based on number of devices. RouterBoard
RB951G-2HnD with RouterOS vesion 6.10 was used as the main
implementation platform, programming language Python in version 3.3 was
used to implement the solution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes how to configure network daemon saned and development of application for scanning documents using a web interface. This thesis describes the chosen solution, implementation and resolving problems incurred in the implementation of the application.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis goal is connecting USB flash drives into one disks array. USB flash drives are plugged in by USB bus. To secure data in disks array is implemented as RAID 5. Part of the thesis is implementation of disks array interface. This interface allows making disks array and subsequently use it for storing data. Results of tests of disk arrays and graphs of speed of reading and writing data are in the text of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement a program, which takes an assembly language of DLX processor as input and performs optimizations to reduce the number of clock cycles required to run the source code. The output will be an optimized code, that is semantically equivalent to the input. Program will also automatically verify this equivalence.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis has two main parts. In the first part we are describing hash functions in general, the MD5 algorithm and it's cryptanalysis history. There are also shown the impacts of the collisions on digital signatures.
In the second part there is described an optimization of M. Stevens algorithm, which can find 2-block collision with the complexity 2^24. To gain a better performance we are using parallel computing with the instruction set SSE2, which allows us to work with 128 bit long registers.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with development of an NfSen plugin for easy deployment of statistical methods for detection of network anomalies based on network flows.
A part of the thesis is a survey of sequential statistical detection methods for network anomalies with focus on change-point detection. The developed plugin implements selected methods and was successfully tested with real network traffic. During the testing, an anomaly was detected that after analysis identified a real failure of a network appliance.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to implement a remote control system of SOHO routers. Included is an analysis of communication possibilities with these routers, and possibilities for solving the problem of dynamic IP addresses. 
The web interface of these specific routers was chosen to receive details from them. Described are the possibilities to parse an html code in detail, implementation of this parsing, and the monitoring of the system itself.</td>]
[<td>In recent years wireless radio networks had an unprecedented development rate which now allows interconnection and services which were unimaginable just a couple of years ago. The wireless networks nowadays occupy all the available portions of the electromagnetic spectrum ans still become denser and denser. In dense networks unfortunately the number of collisions increases due to interference. A whole range of methods is used to decrease this interference and its unwanted effects. This work contains research based on the circular antenna arrays. Such an antenna has dynamic radiation patterns who's shape can be modified by altering the phases of the individual feeding signals to each antenna element. The goal of this work is to determine the improvements such a smart antenna is capable of bringing to wireless networks.</td>]
[<td>The main focus of this thesis is to design and implement an effective algorithm for use in applied crystallography with utilization of graphic accelerator. More specifically, the goal is to refine properties of crystalline material from data obtained by powder diffraction method. The final application utilized the graphic card to perform Le Bail refinement on significant number of samples.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis looks into analysis, design and implementation of extension of existing network simulator Psimulator2. The extension solves connection with real network. Simulator is intended primarily for educational
purposes. The application allows user to create virtual computer network
composed from various elements, which can be configured using commands of
built-in telnet interface. The extension should allow communication between
created virtual network and real network. The simulator is fully portable, so it
is required that the extended application is executable in Microsoft Windows
and Linux.
</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis focuses on attacks specific to virtualized environments. It discusses the most common types of attacks to virtual infrastructure and maps methods of protection which can prevent these attacks. It also deals with quantitative attacks in-depth and outlines a comprehensive way to protect against them. The practical part aims at the verification of suggested protection against selected types of quantitative attacks.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the efficient formats for storing sparse matrices and
algorithms for matrix multiplication in these formats. The goal of this thesis
is the implementation of these formats and algorithms and then measure their
performance on different platforms. It also deals with parallel processing of
each multiplication algorithm and examines the performance increase.
The thesis includes discussion on the use of Strassen's algorithm together
with the formats for storing sparse matrices. It also deals with the analysis of
existing libraries providing solutions to mentioned problems of sparse matrix
multiplication.</td>]
[<td>This thesis summarizes the issues of selecting the proper IPTV solution till its deployment to a mid-size computer network. Main topic of this work describes tracking sensors, which are monitoring and evaluating errors during multicast transmission in the network. Separate topic concerns of deployment of client solutions.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with design of Bluetooth Low Energy use cases for modern ways of payment using mobile devices, implementation of one of these use cases in form of client-server application  and configuration of a server hosting this service. The first part describes Bluetooth and iBeacon technologies. The second part pursues design of use cases. The third part describes implementation of client application for Android device and server application. The last part analyzes configuration of Unix server.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with an existing implementation of magnetohydrodynamic simulations and possibilities of its optimization. The work is mainly focused on the analysis of existing implementation designed for computing cluster and on the realization of optimization using graphics processors with CUDA technology. The tested program modifications are made in the programming language C++ and CUDA C.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with physical unclonable functions (PUF) and their applications.
At first, a literature research concerning PUF with a focus on FPGA
is done. A proposal of PUF, inspired by Ring Oscillator PUF, is introduced
then. The result of this work is the implementation of PUF on the FPGA
board Digilent Basys 2 and the analysis of executed measurements. Finally,
the PUF design is modified to be used as cryptographic key generator.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with attacks on stream cipher RC4. It provides an overview of published vulnerabilities. Next part is a practical verification of attacks described in [2]. Lastly, it contains a design and implementation of school exercise, based on verified attacks.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with parallel sparse matrix multiplication. The main goal is to study and implement efficient data structures and algorithms for sparse matrix multiplication on shared and distributed memory computers. Another goal of this thesis is to implement Strassen algorithm and discuss about the possibility of using Strassen algorithm for the sparse matrix multiplication. Selected sparse matrix formats and algorithms were implemented in programming language C++ using OpenMP and MPI libraries. These formats and algorithms were tested on cluster STAR.</td>]
[<td>Main goal of this bachelor's thesis is to analyse ways to automated topology detection of switched network and further use for creating documentation. Specific application is designed and implemented within this work.</td>]
[<td>Thesis aims to implement prototype of server back-and for virtualization environment based on Microsoft Hyper-V. The prototype design is based on detailed analysis and design which was already completed.  The thesis contains detailed description of selected tools, prototype design and implementation description. The final part is devoted to prototype testing and evaluation of test results.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is discussing the possibilities of configuring Activiti
BPMS and IBM Business Process Manager and determine which configuration parameters affect the performance and stability of operation of process applications and how these effects occur in the operation of process applications in a given environment</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis describes the design, implementation and testing of an extending module for computer network simulator Psimulator2. This program is being used mostly for educational purposes of the course BI-PSI at Faculty of Informational Technology. Module adds simplified versions of the DHCP and DNS protocols to the current simulator. For these protocols, and for the settings of network interfaces of virtual linux-based machines, this thesis also deals with the possibility to load and save configurations using configuration files on virtual machines.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about honeypot systems focused on VoIP technology. One of the main topics involves security of VoIP exchanges, which tends to be problematic due to rising numbers of VoIP exchanges. The thesis describes creation of VoIP honeypot in segments called phases. Honeypot is improved according to observed and collected data in each phase. The thesis evaluates attacks on exchanges, their motivation and purpose. The last part of thesis involves in creation of Honeypot manager, which creates VoIP honeypot and analysis of attacks.</td>]
[<td>This paper deals with the design and implementation of data logging system, which is based on embedded system platform .NET Micro Framework. The platform is running on a single-board computer represented by computer-on-module. The main goal of this thesis is to acquaint reader with the platform, the computer module and to demonstrate system application scope on comprehensive data logging system example. This work also involves a search report of similar systems and a design of GPS data analysis algorithm.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis deals with main goal of software package Passware Kit Forensic analysis, using libraries description incluiding. This application uses to its working also a network protocol whose analysis is also incluided to this work. The conlcusion shows up a link proposal which allows an existing system working in right way in operating systems of linux enviroment.</td>]
[<td>This paper focuses on Intel Active Management Technology (AMT) and on using this technology for testing low-level software. The result is a~set of tools for power control, IDE redirection and serial over LAN and integration of these tools into the novaboot tool, which is used for testing low-level software. Created tools are primarily intended for Linux.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with interconnecting a BIND DNS server with a Squid
proxy server so that the DNS server only responds to queries from IP addresses
of local network users who have already been authorized by the proxy server
for communication with selected parts of the network. This prevents the use
of DNS tunnels for unauthorized communications. In addition to the assigned
goals, the implemented solution also allows detection of DNS tunnels created
by already registered users who try to bypass security policies.</td>]
[<td>This thesis engages in implementation of Lenstra's elliptic curve factorization method. It analyses and compares some of available coordinate systems for elliptic curves, presents various possible enhancements and discusses its implementation and paralelization variants on a computing cluster with distributed memory and message passing. At the end, it compares time efficiency of the algorithm with application of affine and projective coordinates of the Weierstrass model.</td>]
[<td>This project hopes to bring new way to distribute information about various operating systems – especially multifarious Linux distributions but also other open-source systems. There are so many of them it is not easy to get to know or try out each one. The output of this work is design and implementation of web application which displays information about operating systems on well designed pages. These information come from automatic procedures scanning the inside of operating systems and the Internet. Besides displaying information, the website gives a chance for visitors to try out specific operating systems right in their browser. This project is inspired by ideas behind distrowatch.com – a popular website providing updates and rankings of Linux distributions.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the creation of an IS for the administration of dive logs on iOS. First, discuss the historical development of similar systems and analyze competing solutions. The following section is devoted to the domain analysis of scuba diving. Then analyze system requirements, technical de- sign and UI design. The last part is devoted to testing of the system.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is presents one part of a new system for digital correction of written tests. The work includes design and implementation of the application for manual correction of scanned tests as well as the interface for communication with the other modules of this system. The main part is the focus on the usability of previous works, which were concerning this topic and linking them into a working process, which is currently lacking.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, there are documented procedures of making Clondike images and basic introduction into the system. There is described procedure for automate making of kernel and generating image of sytem for virtualization software VMware Player in dependency on new commit to data storage. There is also described procedure of manual build of Clondike system.</td>]
[<td>MPLS VPN is gaining more and more popularity every day in the eyes of
service providers. It allows them to transfer a variety of different technologies
over an IP network thus saving resources of a service provider. It can
also isolate the traffic from different customers. This master thesis analyzes
MPLS VPN from its very basics. It also provides results from interoperability
tests between devices from three vendors, as well as the configuration.
The main contribution of this thesis are the results of interoperability testing,
as this issue is not well documented, but it is discussed on a daily
basis. The masters thesis also includes a lab exercise for students, where
they can learn how to configure this technology as well as getting a good
grip on its principles.</td>]
[<td>Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) has changed the world of computing due to its extremely high processing performance and availability at affordable cost. This thesis explores the possibilities of integrating GPU processing power with a network cluster in order to achieve better performance to speedup cracking of the encrypted ZIP files. It reveals that the GPU-based parallel implementation yields a speedup factor of about 30 times faster than its counterpart that runs on the CPU.</td>]
[<td>With the increase of number of nodes in the Internet, there is also rise in demand for public addresses. To solve this issue, there is adoption of new protocol IPv6 which increased address space from 32 bits to 128. The IPv6 also came with new technologies and methods for connecting nodes in the network and exploring their neighbors — autoconfiguration and neighbor discovery. Due to the lack of preparedness of networks to the new IPv6 protocol and a weak implementations of security mechanisms new ways of attacks apeared. The work demonstrates practical examples of abusive attacks using ICMPv6 messages to perform man–in–the–middle attack. It also recommends ways how to defend against them.</td>]
[<td>The computer network expansion brings higher requirements to safety and data flow control. The aim of this thesis is a realization of the data flow analysis software for the computer networks. For high performance analysis is used parallel processing on a graphic unit of a computer.
The data analysis is divided into three parts for better understanding. The first part is an analysis of 2nd to 4th layer of ISO/OSI model. It is realized by the computer CPU. The second and the most important part is 5th to 7th layer of the ISO/OSI model analysis. This analysis is accelerated by the graphic unit of the computer with CUDA technology support. The third part of the analysis deals with attack detection. The attack detections are based on different methods which are specific for these attacks.
The final part of the thesis deals with GUI for graphic interpretation of the data flow analysis results.</td>]
[<td>The IPv6 protocol is an important technology in IP networks. Therefore it is recommended to implement it, which is the essence of this work. Specificaly it is targeting the access layer and security on this layer. This thesis analyses and implements IPv6 connectivity and security in campus network - at college ÈVUT - Podolí. The implementation is done on Cisco devices.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor’s thesis deals with the development of the support for secure devices meeting the IEEE1667 Standard for the Linux Operating System.
The thesis creates environment which opens this device up for users and
developers. It offers unified interface not just for programmers of user applications, but also for hardware manufacturers, who can use it to develop new devices.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design an online application for company contracts management. The application will feature contract records keeping, distribution of tasks among employees and chaining tasks. The thesis also includes configuration of Nginx server on computer Raspberry Pi.</td>]
[<td>This paper addresses the problem of indexing powder records of applied
crystallography. Presented text is divided into six main chapters. The first
chapter introduces the reader to the basics of crystallography. The second
chapter describes how to obtain structural data from real crystalline samples.
The third introduce a software supplied by supervisor and other resources
needed to implement the specified algorithms. In this section is utilized
acquired knowledge from the first two chapters, which is a necessity for
understanding the problem. The next chapter summarizes the important
results of the implemented solution. The work is closed with a chapter titled
„Tests“, where the implemented algorithms are evaluated to assess their
contribution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis of administration and optimization of the OLAP databases based on the PostgreSQL system. In the first part, basic terms connected to the topic are described and several tools for the optimization are introduced. The second part describes the actual implementation of the SQL queries in the PostgreSQL system, that use a hashtable for their calculations. The last part is aimed at the introduction of some basic optimizations, their partial implementation, and it also presents a series of recommendations for administrators of the OLAP databases based on the PostgreSQL system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis concerns about coherence protocols of cache in processors. Implement part contains emulator of cache for shared memory, which calculates count of misses based on input sequence of addresses. Emulator works with coherence protocols WTWNA, MSI, MOESI, MESI, MESIF. The compared results with other emulator were identical.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to realize the part of the Ocropus support system which is responsible for processing digitaized tests. The software helps teachers with evaluation and makes corrections easier. Moreover, the thesis focuses on analysis of previously designed solutions, proposal of suitable architecture and realization of that part of Ocropus system which deals with calibration, recognition and acquisition of all necessary information for the digitalized test.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is refactoring and minor fixes of current Linux kernel patch of project Clondike and creating a new patch for Linux kernel 3.6.11. This work aims to create a complete project documentation that has been missing. It describes briefly its structure, functionality and kernel patches. It also includes a basic description of the installation process for Debian Linux distribution, so the whole Clondike project could be presented to the opensource community.</td>]
[<td>Secret keys are usually stored in a nonvolatile memory, which can be hard to secure. An alternative is to generate the keys “on-the-fly” by using the inherent uniqueness of a device based on the manufacturing process variations. This is realized by Physical Unclonable Functions (PUFs). 
A promising approach is to construct an intrinsic PUF based on the 
Static Random Access Memory, since many electronic devices have embedded SRAM. However, using a SRAM as a PUF requires stability of the SRAM cells under a wide variety of conditions, moreover the SRAM output must be unique. 
The aim of this thesis is to design the PUF concept based on one of 
the popular Atmel AVR microcontrollers. During the work the evaluation of PUF properties of the test chips is discussed. Proposed PUF-design is suitable for using in two application scenarios: chip identification and key generation. The SRAM output is not stable enough for that various post- and pre-processing techniques are analyzed to make the concept suitable for key generation scenarios. 
The major contributions of the current research is the new measurements performed on an Atmel AVR microcontroller, many researches have focused mostly on FPGA so far. This work estimates the entropy of a PUF in a 16Kbyte SRAM output in order to uniquely identify each of Atmel ATmega1284P microcontrollers. Furthermore, after applying postprocessing error correction, proposed SRAM-based PUF can be used to generate a stable 4Kbit key. </td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis I focused on cloud-based office suite Google Apps and its integration into existing ICT enviroment. I describe characteristics and options of Google Apps from the administrator's point of view. In practice I deal with deployment and integration of applications for particular secondary school. My objective is making Google Apps easy to use for employees. There is an implementation of a synchronizing tool for software Bakaláøi included. The reader can use this thesis as a manual for integrating Google Apps in his own organisation, especially primary or secondary school.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor's thesis is to present the project Clondike to the community. There is a selection of the version control system described, where the source files will be saved. One part of the thesis is the creation of the network system version. This version enables Clondike to be loaded from a network. The network version was tested in heterogeneous cluster, its creation was automated and the resulting image was presented in public.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with analysis and implementation of a public API for predictive platform Modgen. This API should make the system available for third-party applications. Part of the work is a Ruby client for this API.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to propose a deployment solution for a classroom equiped with 25 Apple computers within the current CTU FIT IT infrastructure. The thesis analyses the current state of classroom administration, proposes several deployment variants, and gives deployment difficulty for each of the proposed variants.</td>]
[<td>Modern grpahich cards (GPU) are powerful computational devices, which exceed the computational power of modern CPUs. As the processing power of GPUs increases so do the possibilities for different computational applications to be implemented on them. One of the fields in which computational power of GPUs can be used is Cryptography.

In this work I describe a software implementation of cryptographic algorithm DES using GPU, and its use for the brute-force attack. I have choosen NVIDIA's CUDA as the architecture for the implementation. The main prurpose of this work is to design and implement DES algorithm respecting CUDA programming model and its overall architecture, so the implementation can take advantage of the computational power of the CUDA GPU. The efficiency of the implementation is the key aspect for the brute-force attack.
</td>]
[<td>Content of this thesis is an analysis of the current system for remote monitoring of air conditioning units and creation of a new system, which is focused on centralization and easy replacement of particular parts.</td>]
[<td>Main purpose of my work is to create web-based Linux administration application. This application has to be easy to use even for user without deep Linux knowledge and skills. Extensibility of the application is also important. Another crucial task is speed and performance. How and how much I have achieved these aims is written in this paper.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to analyse, design and implement a domain registration system for Centrum Holdings company. This system communicates with CZ.NIC, .cz domain registry, and it provides a web API to other applications. The system supports configuration of DNS servers and DNSSEC security protocol. As a part of this project, Python DNSSEC library was implemented. This thesis discusses the applied testing methods and describes the process of deployment to the company's production environment.</td>]
[<td>A new code for correction of 3 erasures is presented in this thesis. The new code is a linear block code built over GF(q), q = 2^m, derived from the family of GWSC codes. The (n, k, d) characteristic of the new code is ((q - 1)^2, (q - 1)^2 - 5, 4). The new code is defined by its parity check matrix H. The decoding process of the newly proposed code depends on location of the erasures within the parity check matrix. The code's decoding complexity is adequate to the size of the field the code is built upon and in comparison with a Reed-Solomon code of the same correcting capacity over the same field, the new code achieves higher code rates.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the design and implementation of network traffic generator for Ethernet frame level. Generator lets you configure the data sent by the configuration file. To send Ethernet frames is used pcap library services. Receiver is also included. It is used to verify the accurancy of a data, which was sended by generator.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of an application serving for collection of data about signal strengths in GSM network. Data are obtained via SNMP protocol from MINI-LINK devices made by Ericsson. Application is a support for a research being realized at Faculty of Civil Engineering CTU in Prague. Subject of this research is measurement and localization of a rain in the environment.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the issue of NAT detection within the local network. Wrongly configured and unauthorized NAT is a serious problem, therefore device is needed for administrators, which would be able to detect use of NAT. Thesis describes basic principles and current solutions by which the NAT detection is possible and they could be the scope when finding solutions. Eventual program expands functionality of current solutions and also adds possibility of NAT detection with help of external devices, which were developed within the project “NAT detection”.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the measurement of voice quality in IP telephony using different codecs and QoS settings. For automated assessment of the voice quality ITU-T P.862 and P.863 algorithms were used.</td>]
[<td>This work presents Baby Rijndael, a cipher designed as a reduced Rijndael to facilitate its cryptanalysis. It shows that Baby Rijndael is a good ap-proximation of Rijndael, performs linear cryptananalysis and extends the results to the full Rijndael.</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis, I describe design and implementation of an automated simulator of the DLX processor. The simulator is inteded for examining student’s assignments written in assembly language. This text also contains specific inplementation details and configuration options of the new simulator, as well as comparison with other existing alternatives.</td>]
[<td>This work is focusing on analysis of computational complexity of ECDSA operations on given division ring and coordinate systems and shows us possibilities of how to change computational complexity by transfering it to Montgomery domain, projective or Jacobi coordinate system. Also it briefly focuses on idea of creating dedicated computation accelerator of elliptic curves and creation of elliptic curve cryptosystem including its benefits.</td>]
[<td>Traditional virtualisation tools employed in large data centres are competing against increasingly popular cloud counterparts. This thesis focuses on a subset of cloud systems – private IaaS clouds, which allow running virtual machines at a large scale. As the overall private IaaS industry is fast-growing, new versions of the established systems arise very quickly and therefore it is easy to lose track of the supported features. Additionally, some large IT players are waiting in the background to promote their favourite product without hesitating to influence the media attention.
Hence, in order to provide an unbiased overview, this thesis will include the comparison of private IaaS cloud systems based on a range of supported features, installation and subsequent configuration complexity, quality of provided documentation and last but not least, on a quantitative measurement of virtual machines bootup time. The result of this paper is a list of fields, in which respective systems excel and on the other hand, fields in which they do not particularly succeed.</td>]
[<td>Processing units evolve much more rapidly than memory chips, making effective caching techniques a must. In the rapidly evolving area of multicore and multiprocessor computing, cache coherency protocols are one of the main aspects of caching, directly affecting performance of systems. This work describes an implementation of the MESIF cache coherency protocol using the GEM5 system simulator. The implementation is as similar as possible to one found in modern Intel processors, with three-leveled cache hierarchy and with directories integrated in last level caches. We simulated a 2-chip, 16-core Intel system and we tested the MESIF protocol and system simulation using tests embedded in GEM5. We ran various standard benchmarks from the SPLASH-2 and the PARSEC suites and compared runtime behavior of the simulated system with that of a real system.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis gives a security analysis of an application given by the project supervisor. It discovers very weak security of its update process and shows a proof-of-concept exploiting this vulnerability so that this attacker can execute his own code on the victim's computer. Finally the thesis gives a list of recommendations leading in security increase of the analyzed application.</td>]
[<td>My diploma thesis is devoded to iris recognition and classification of human beings.
I went through already existing algorithms and created their summary. I designed and implemented a program for human identification using iris patterns as a combination of different approaches and methods. I designed a system, which allowed me to develop a new database using my own technology. I evaluated my algorithm on large database so as on my own.</td>]
[<td>Virtualization is becoming a mainstream and one of its affects is that more and more information is moving to virtual environments. It creates a high demand for security solutions of virtualized environments. I covered in my thesis the fundamentals of virtualization, computer security, and security of virtualized environments to understand basis of virtualization technology and the difference between security of virtualized environment and physical environment. There are different vendors that offer virtualization security products. I did a research on products of two well-known vendors as IBM and HP and compiled a comparison of their solutions. I also built virtual environment and applied Snort  open-source  intrusion prevention system and provided different penetration tests to grade its capability to secure virtualized environment.</td>]
[<td>The present bachelor thesis deals with the support of teaching network-oriented courses. The main goal is to create a web application which would help to make the computer networks study more accessible to students, and which would increase its comprehensibility. In addition, the application provides the students with the possibility to apply the gained knowledge in practice. In addition, it enables the teacher to generate random tests for students. The application introduced in the present thesis not only saves time to its users, but moreover, it importantly contributes to a better intelligibility and practice of the studied material.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with a comparison of technologies for performing of parallel operations on CUDA and OpenCL graphical cards. These technologies are introduced in the work in a detailed way in order to get a basic grasp of the described technologies. A power measuring of both technologies in the basic parallel operations is done at the end of the work. This measuring is statistically evalued to fill in the information mentioned in the first part of the work and to get a complete view on the described technologies</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with implementation of a honeypot-based environment and its deployment on the Internet. The honeypot systems combine dedicated honeypot tools with real network services and thus offer both low and high interaction. The data collected by the deployed honeypot systems are analyzed in great detail and therefore offer a good overview of the observed incidents.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with an analysis and a simulation of the selected network attacks. The thesis is divided into two main parts. The theoretical part provides a description of the ISO-OSI reference model, the selected network protocols and moreover the description of the selected network attacks. There is also provided a description of the possible ways of defence against the network attacks. The research part provides a simulation of the selected network attacks in the area of the virtual computers and furthermore, there is elaborated a proposal concerning detection and defence which could avert the attacks.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with a with the implementation built-in (embedded) HTTP webserver on ARM platform. Server is based on LPC1768 microprocessor device. This webserver is determined for remote control of RS-232 serial port with low manufacturing and operational costs. This device is some kind of extension of serial port over Ethernet. The device is capable of remote controlling universal I/O module Quido RS 8/8.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes design and implementation of a system for data acquisition/delivery from/to various types of control systems. The system has modular design, is dynamically configurable, supports self-monitoring and is based on ten years of experience with its previous version. The thesis covers actual information technologies used by the system and a specific connector which has been successfully deployed at the Poøíèí Power Station, ÈEZ, a. s. for more than a half year.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design, and solutions for network infrastructure in the Research Library of South Bohemia in Ceske Budejovice, including a monitoring solution proposal with infrastructure monitoring software Nagios. The first part contains an analysis of existing network elements and their services. The second part describes the design of a new network infrastructure with justification of choices. Last part is dedicated to Nagios and simulation of integration into Bohemian Research Library’s network using virtualization tools.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with issues of security of contactless RFID systems, according to ISO/IEC 14443 standard. The threats and existing attacks against these RFID systems are described and possible countermeasures are introduced. Relay attack, which enables to extend the communication between card and reader up to 300 meters, is implemented and countermeasures are suggested according to the findings. Finally, the contactless payment card VISA Paywave is analyzed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the development of an information system that aims to simplify the registration and the organization of individual class meetings. This thesis describes the requirements for the information system, the chosen solution, implementation, the current state of the application and my plans for the future.</td>]
[<td>My topic of bachelor's thesis is </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with implementation of ICT services based on iPhone smartphone clusters. Comparison of their computing performance with personal computer clusters is also part of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with problems of monitoring, collection and evaluation of data obtained from SDS Macro control units. The result of this work is to design a control system architecture and provide a guideline for specific examples of a solution that can help to deploy and use these control units in practice.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis of systems for authorization and authentication of users who are connecting to the Internet in the National Technical Library. In this analysis is given the main focus on logs of these systems. On the basis of the analysis was made the initial design of system for simple searching for records with the users identity.
</td>]
[<td>The subject of my bachelor thesis „Testing of Solutions for Disk Encryption“ is to design testing methodology and perform tests of applications based on designed methodology. Part of this thesis is a comparison of measured values.</td>]
[<td>My goal was to compare the performance (data transfer rate) of the systems SMB/CIFS and NFS with respect to the types of operations and physical filesystems used on both server and client. The testing was implemented on Linux system with filesystems ext4, ZFS and NTFS.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this bachelor's thesis is to design and implement graphical user interface for steganography tool Steghide. Application will clearly demonstrate the embedding process and can be used as learning application. Thesis briefly describe theory of steganography, steganalysis and data hiding in general. Thesis also describe analysis of available steganography tools.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with memory safety error problems in C and C++ programming languages, such as stack overflow, heap overflow, integer overflow, dangling pointers, non-correct array bounds, and so on. Particularly, it focuses on the LLVM Compiler Infrastructure and its sub-projects, such as SAFECode, which support the security of code running without garbage collection. An independent experimental study how the security problems are solved in LLVM with and without the support of SAFECode, and in GNU C compiler for the sake of comparison, is created. We evaluate particular tests and present runtime overheads in the programs with the added dynamic memory error security support.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the user interface design of real-time strategy game. The first part is devoted to carry out research of existing solutions. The second part focuses on analysis of acquired knowledge and the design. The last part contains a prototype, testing and evaluation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is create a functional application for converting source code in the C/C++ with user input from the console to source codes in the C/C++ with user input through a graphical user interface. In the first part is mentioned difference between a console user interface (CLI) and graphicaluser interface (GUI), its advantages, disadvantages and historical development. The second part of the work is the implementation of the application. The application is implemented in the C++ language. Open-source library GTK+ is used for realize the GUI in the output C/C++ source code, whose basic properties are described in the work. Process recognizing lines of code with user input and is described how to convert it into a graphical interface is given in other chapters of the work. Special comments, that can be inserting to input source code, improve work with the application and affect the look of GUI of output source code.</td>]
[<td>The virtualization technology of operating systems allows migrating of whole running systems to another virtualizated server without losing or interrupting the established connection between clients and server. The migration releases the hardware equipments that require regular maintenance and service. Released servers can be turned off in order to save maintenance costs. The objective of the bachelor thesis is to test live migration of virtualization solutions based on technologies, like Xen® hypervisor, Oracle VM VirtualBox® and KVM. Since all three virtualization technologies are closely connected with Linux kernel, Debian OS is chosen as a testing platform, although all three solutions are capable to virtualize and migrate other operating systems as well. That's why another objectives of the bachelor project is to show the power of open-source systems and the level of current virtualization solutions, to emphasize the proper solution that stands out not only because of high performance, but as well because of high scalability and simple administration.</td>]
[<td>Main topic of this thesis is to develop a server application controlling a robotic platform. That application has to respond to received commands without delay at all times. This application communicates with the client over Wi-Fi interface and with the control unit through a serial port. The server also integrates the functionality of two other libraries and provides access to their functionality (which is stereovision and sound sources localization) in the communication protocol.

As the result we have a new communication protocol with full support for parallel processing of incoming commands. We also have stable response times during heavy application load, high performance and support for audio and images transport.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes technologies, which enables code processing using multiple logical cores on desktop processors. There is a theoretical base to understand differences between later mentioned architectures. The last part deals with measuring the performance benefit of processor with implemented Hyper Threading and comparing this CPU with AMD processor based on Bulldozer microarchitecture.</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis I focused to a new file system called Zettabyte (ZFS).I analyzed the internal structures of the ZFS. My goal was comparing the performance of the ZFS file system with the UFS file system (time, number of I/O operations and data flow). The analysis was also performed on file systems with technology RAID 1 and RAID 5. For this measurement I designed and implemented a tool that uses new technology of dynamic monitoring DTrace.</td>]
[<td>Master thesis is focused on utilization of Furby toy as rather less traditional user interface. The first part of the document presents summary of existing similar systems and concepts. Special attention is devoted to the Internet of Things environment, especially from security viewpoint. Result of thesis is also implementation based on flexible modular architecture. Several sample scenarios were selected for the environment of home, office as well as public areas. The implementation is evaluated using formal test on 10 users. The  results are presented in the text.</td>]
[<td>This master's thesis describes design and implementation of safe storage for electronic signature keys in public key infrastructure. Solution consists of application for Java Card based smart card implementing storage and signature computation and service middleware Cryptographic Service Provider usable within Java Cryptographic Architecture. This work also describes Java Cryptography Architecture and PKCS#15 standard.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents the analysis, design and implementation of a driver for network interface controller MTPP10G. The driver is written in the C language as a kernel module for embedded operating system Linux and it replaces the older driver implemented in userspace. The thesis discusses a general approach for developing Linux device drivers and it draws attention to the parts requiring sophisticated programmer's work. Parts as receiving and sending packets are discussed in detail, as well as interruption handling, communication between kernel and user-space and support for ethtool. The outcome of the thesis is a functional driver, its stress testing and comparison with the driver implemented in user-space.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims at authentication, authorization and user role management in the context of faculty applications. Big amount of self existing applications with their own implementations of access control together with duplicities in several user data storages brought me to an idea of centralization. Therefore I implement a solution by deploying a web single sign on system. In the second part I talk about the integration of this new system to three particular applications, which are used at the faculty. There is a newly created operating infrastructure of three applications interconnected with Shibboleth SSO system ready to be further extended as a result of this master thesis.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is performance testing of database servers running on
a virtualized operating system. Operating systems Windows Server 2008R2
and CentOS 6.2, where database servers Oracle 11gR2 Standard and DB2
Workgroup 9.7 are installed, are running in a virtual environment of ESXi
and RHEV-H hypervisors. The outcome of measurement is a comparison of
hypervisors as regards resources consumed when performing the test.</td>]
[<td>The thesis describes the selection and implementation of a network monitoring system in the Czech National technical library in Prague. Nine monitoring systems were chosen based on interviews of eleven organizations and then reviewed in the thesis. The text also thoroughly discusses implementation, configuration and problems encountered by the author during implementation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about analyse, design, implementation and testing of application on mobile platform Android. Application is intended for sharing of current location of mobile phone users. This thesis assesses methods of data sharing, their advantages and disadvantages. Author had no experience with Android platform before writing of this thesis, so it can be usable as a guide for novices in programming for Android phones. There is outlined direction of future work at the end of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with conversion of Microsoft Word documents into Doku-
Wiki source code. Its contribution is making work with DokuWiki easier for employees and students not only from our faculty.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to analyze and document one selected vulnerability of Adobe Acrobat published on a web of any security agency. The thesis shall also contain an assessment, whether the selected vulnerability can be successfully exploited. In case of a positive result, an exploit for this vulnerability shall be constructed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with efficient deployment of statistical and mathematical analysis of network flows in real computer network traffic. The goal of the thesis is to design and implement a universal plugin for NfSen, which is a graphical web interface for the NeFlow collector nfdump. The plugin will serve as connection between data from a sensor and a system for statistical analysis
R. This interface will allow for easier classification of captured network flows. The resulting plugin is useful in data mining and network security, where it will enhance development and testing of methods for detection of potentionally dangerous users, groups or segments in network infrastructure.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this thesis is a study and an implementation of sound source localization using a microphone array on a real-time robot system based on a RoBoard platform (x86 @ 1GHz, 256MB DRAM). Implemented sound source localization method is TDOA using cross correlation in time domain, which is optimized to this application and physical layout. The result is a library tailored to the embedded system with low computing power. This thesis describes the mathematical background required for TDOA calculation, optimizations, library scheme, implementation specifics, and results of performance and precision tests.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dealing with the design of an automatic data center startup system. The design is preceded by the analysis of the data center on several levels and the analysis of the tools, which could be used in the startup process. The designed system respects variety of devices, technologies and dependencies in the data center.</td>]
[<td></td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to develop and test an application for  the network intrusion detection accelerated with the GPU. A deep packet inspection is a heavy process and consumes a lot of CPU calculation resources, thereby the main application objective is to offload the heaviest operations during analysing network traffic to the GPU. The project is based on Nvidia CUDA architecture and uses standard features provided by CUDA devices with 1.1 version of compute capabilities.</td>]
[<td>Server virtualization is becoming to be widespread technology that brings many benefits and thus it should be considered when building a new IT infrastructure or during its renovation. To make correct decision whether to use this rapidly developing technology in corporate environments, it is necessary to have theoretical knowledge of server virtualization and virtualization tools. The main aim of this thesis is to clarify these principles and further describe the three most popular virtualization products. To explain the differences in their approaches and describe advantages and disadvantages which come with them. Eventually we will verify out conclusions with number of tests.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is dedicated to the anonymity on the internet and other related topics. It describes legal aspects of anonymity, tools, which can be used to hide identity on the internet and methods for breaking anonymity and backtracing anonymous users. Here is list of anonymization tool, their description, potential and structure with emphasis on anonymous networks Tor and I2P. At the end, there is a comparsion between all services according to performance, price and security.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this master's thesis is to design and implement a simulator of hardware solver of systems of linear congruences. This thesis discusses methods for solving these systems and describes a process of design and realisation of the simulator which is implemented using the SystemC simulation language and utilises the Gauss-Jordan-Rutishauser elimination method.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor paper is one of the seven publications that deal with the project Terra Incognita, educational and promotional game designed at the Faculty of~Information Technology at CTU. The paper presents a research of the possibilities of extending and altering games that already exist, with the editors, expansions and other settings being the main field of interest. The research serves as a base for the design of Terra Incognita, which also includes a couple of mini games. These additions serve the purpose of educating.</td>]
[<td>The subject of my bachelor thesis </td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis describes audio watermarking technology. The information is hidden in inaudible sound spectrum. Information hiding is done in frequency domain using Fourier transform. The thesis consists of analysis of audio file formats, audio watermarking technologies, watermarking program design and implementation in Java. The program works with wav files. Watermark robustness is tested with random changes in files, noise addiction and file converting.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor’s thesis anylyzes the current state of monitoring network elements in the National Technical Library and proposal suitable method of monitoring these elements with a focus on SNMP protocol. The key parts of the proposal are implemented into the monitoring system Nagios with Centreon expansion. The work also included documentation of the implemented solution and methodical manual for adding other elements to the monitoring system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and creation of conversion of presentations from
Microsoft PowerPoint to DokuWiki format. It analysis elements that the both
formats have in common, and those can be converted. The convertor in VBA
language is then tested, and at the end of the thesis, there are recommendations
for creating presentations for easy converting.</td>]
[<td>In this bachelor thesis you will find a proposal for a solution to the monitoring of main servers and services running on them at the National Technical Library in Prague. The aim is to suggest a solution to the automatical centralized remote monitoring using the system Nagios and the interface Centreon. The first part describes the environment and its main technical elements. The second part contains a summary of potential options for monitoring and suggestions of its realization for the main elements. The third part describes the proposal for the communication and realization of the whole solution in the monitoring system. The work is supplemented with the documentation of the solution and the description of the methodology used for adding more servers.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this thesis is looking for a possibility of exporting documents from Adobe Illustrator, a vector graphics editor, to combined PDF+TeX file format for use in the TeX typesetting system. Its parts are an analysis of present exporting possibilities, design, creation and testing of a plug-in, that would make the export to PDF+TeX format possible.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this document is a description of my work on the software part of the COMET Ethernet tester. COMET is the device based on Programmable hardware – COMBO card.

During the work on the project, I created a control software for the tester. The software includes the libcomet library and software utilities that use libcomet. The COMET software contains the command line tools, the CGI application that creates simple graphical user interface and the plug-in for Netopeer configuration system. The plug-in brings the support of the NETCONF configuration protocol for COMET.
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I analyze dependencies of applications and systems in the National Technical Library. I have analyzed the possibilities for the correct shutdown of different systems depending on used technologies. I suggested procedure for a data center shutdown including appropriate methods for the systems shutdown and I have created a configurable system for the automated shutdown.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis and testing of a random number generator implemented on the AVR Butterfly demo board. Generic statistical tests as well as tests targeted to this particular entropy source are applied. Also, two variants of frequency injection attack on this RNG are described and attempted. Finally, possible improvements are suggested.</td>]
[<td>This thesis shows usage of COMBO-LXT card as an Ethernet tester for speeds above 10 Gb/s. The work describes basics of the Ethernet standard (mainly 802.3ae - 10 Gb/s and 802.3ba - 40/100 Gb/s), an analytical part of the tester design, its implementation for 10 Gb/s network and a discussion about necessary changes for 40/100 Gb/s bitrates. The COMBO-LXT card (containing FPGA Virtex-5) and adapted NetCOPE project were used as the main implementation plafrom.
</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis deals with optimization of existing software for cracking passwords in PDF documents and adapting it to run on GPU devices. It describes the entire process from analysis, through design and optimizations of individual components, to the final implementation. New application supports computing on GPU devices, active load balancing and provides reliable PDF parser. Last part of the thesis compares newly created appliaction with the original solution.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the security of selected smart cards. The first part describes investigated types of contactless smart cards and the communication protocol used for communication between card and reader. Further included is a description of the RFID device Proxmark III, which was used to evaluate cards’ security. Part of the work is also the extension of the existing firmware and functionality of the device. The last section summarizes the examination of smart cards with possible suggestions for security improvement and future product development.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to sufficiently analyze and propose solutions to communication between power devices within one block of the house or a larger hall. Solution to its foundations reflects the existing applications and builds on their bases by extending and improving the integration of functions.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this project is to implement network on chip transaction
visualization system. The system monitors RTL simulation in digital
simulator, reconstructs transactions from signal states and displays
transactions to developer. System also informs about latency in each part of
network for all messages.
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis my work is focused on expanding aviable functionalities of robot robot-fit by implementing interactive calibration for stereo camera setup, unified interface for adjusting parameters of robot, speeding up processing of pictures from camera for smoother response to user and by implementing aditional algorithms for finding stereo correspondence from OpenCV library. Robot's system is running on RoBoard motherboard with linux operating system and Wi-Fi for comunication with client application running on Android system. Client application offers interface for robot's control and textual/visual feedback from robot. Changes includes both theses systems.</td>]
[<td>Subject of this thesis is design and implementation of a VHDL module to create on screen display for video platform based on FPGA which transmits 
high-definition video through dual-link HD-SDI. On screen display will be created by insertion of an image containing a logo or text, with given parameters of size and position.
Part of this thesis is also a software program generating image data for on screen display from input file.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design and implement SW module for embedded system Twister2013 made by company TECHSYS - HW a SW, a.s. Module is designed to support calculation of ampacity of EHV wiring and reading of meteorological data from SQL database and FTP server. The module includes standard diagnostics of platform Twister2013. The module is implemented in C++ language. Aim of this thesis is also to analyze circumstances for compiling module on Linux OS.</td>]
[<td>{The thesis documents design and implementation of the module for processing of data from incremental sensors placed on wheels of a four-wheel robot. The module was realized as an ATMega88 microcontroler with minimum of external parts. The modul communicates with the control unit of the robot through the $I^2C$ bus and delivers data concerning distance traveled and the current velocity. Arduino Mini was used as a programmer and support tool during implementation and testing phase. The module was tested and integrated into the sensoric board of the robot.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this work is to create a simple functional cell phone for seniors who have difficulty understanding the consumer electronics today. The elaboration include parts available in the Czech Republic only. The price of the final product should be comparable to the price of the current products in stores.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with implementation of already discussed little AVR processor, described by VHDL code, to FPGA circuit Spartan 3E. For interaction with surroundings there are added chosen peripheries of evolutionary board Starter Kit. The work describes and compares implemented core with completed soft procesores and analyses implementation of the processor and added peripheries in detail. The result of implementating part is fully functional processor, whose behaviour can be described in higher programming language C.</td>]
[<td>Modern computer technologies provide many opportunities of how to enhance various aspects of human welfare, including the health care. One of the possible ways how to improve this discipline is to create efficient health monitoring systems consisting of numerous interoperable devices (e.g. small sensors, device hubs etc.) and services, which would provide a great continual overview of the subject's medical state and allow watching over its improvements or critical events. This thesis deals with research of requirements related to creation of medical devices, and methods to connect them to other compatible devices. The main focus is put on the connectivity between a pulse oximeter and an Android smartphone using the Bluetooth technology, with both devices complying with the IEEE 11073-20601 family of standards and the Bluetooth HDP standard. With the use of the given standards and the Antidote open source project, a small system, demonstrating the capabilities and the extent covered by these standards, was designed and implemented, consisting of the pulse oximeter emulator for Linux OS, and the Android manager application that receives the medical data from the emulator via Bluetooth.</td>]
[<td>Aim of this work is to probe methodology for asynchronous system prototyping and synthesis on traditional (synchronous) FPGAs. As a demonstration circuit was chosen DES cipher for its relatively small complexity. Dual-rail logic, which uses two signals to transmit one logic value, was chosen for signalization and quasi delay insensitive model (QDI) was used as main timing model. Measurements checking DPA attack vulnerability were done.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis describes the design and implementation of control system for linear motor EZ~Limo EZC6E030M--C and its control unit ESMC--C2. The control system is designed for precise and reliable laboratory measurements in biomechanics. The control system has been split into software part (control/manipulation application) and hardware part (new advanced control unit implemented on Xilinx's FPGA). The control system and all its parts were exhaustly tested under full operational conditions. The control system actually does not meet EMC directives. New printed circuit board is currently under development to meet the EMC directives.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is part of a project that deals with the design of a control
system for RC models using the PC. It specically deals with definition of the communication protocol and its implementation in FPGA. Furthermore implements the individual modules for controlling the model - the PWM, I2C and the GPS controller.</td>]
[<td>Main topic of this thesis is the adjustment of the current library, which enables the use of cameras to accommodate the use of Kinect along with robot’s cameras. This advanced sensor generates a depth map alongside the traditional videodata. So far the depth map has been calculated on the robot’s CPU from the picture taken by the robot’s cameras. The shift to the internal chip on Kinect has the advantage of saving performance for different applications.
Part of this thesis is a demo application to show the potential of programmer use of Kinect.</td>]
[<td>Thesis focuses on NAT detection methods, current SW applications and implementation of these methods in an FPGA. Aim is to create a functioning NAT detection device with API for changing settings and detection output.
</td>]
[<td>The content of this thesis is bi-decomposition of logic function and its implementation. Bi-Decomposition is realized by the XOR gate. The own method is used and explained. The result is logical circuit in the BLIF format using elementary gates. Results are evaluated and compared with outputs of other tools.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to design and build a lighting control system for
family house. It uses research of existing products, which are available on
the market. The system is designed with regard to easy expansion.
Three prototypes are built and prepared for further testing and develo-
pment.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this work is the creation of a~platform for connecting character and graphical LCD displays to a~serial port (RS232). The project should become a~foundation of an universal LCD display driver providing a~possibility of connecting every common monochromatic LCD display.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis describes porting of microcomputer ADOP to another platform. Objective of porting is to gain more space and options for expansion of microcomputer ADOP in the future.</td>]
[<td>The main topic of this thesis is the study of approximative algorithms for safety verification of systems, which are represented by binary decision trees. This thesis includes a description of how to automatically verify safety of systems, how to create approximations, and computational experiments testing the main features of the implemented algorithms.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on fuel consumption measurement in a motor vehicle. Plan was to find low-cost and simple solution. Thesis documments development process and testing phases and includes analysis justifying decissions made. Output of this work is a product, based on development board Arduino, capable of current consumption, average consumption and total amount of fuel consumed. Measured values are displayed on LCD, device is controlled by joystick. All components can be purchased for less than 100 EUR (price in the time of writing the thesis, excluding tax). Thanks to Arduino open-source platform it's possible to buy cheaper, unofficial components or components suitable for space-critical application (e.g. motorbike).</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on the selected functions of smart houses and puts emphasis on the safety of the whole system and it also allows to carry out a remote control of the system. The result of this thesis is  a fully working prototype which meets the basic requirements of the flat occupants and which consequently goes along with a simple extension of the current functions with the aid of the new ones.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is the design and implementation of a prototype control system road salting vehicle. According to the specification of system requirements is at work an analysis of possible solutions, from which selected the most appropriate - implementation using a custom control board with a microcontroller. The work explains the hardware parts of the system, the way of their involvement and the responsibility. In the software section are described the methods and libraries used to develop software for this system, not only the control but also a test by which the system was rejuvenated and tested. The result is a functional prototype, which is one of the parts of the system spreadings vehicle.</td>]
[<td>Low power has become a very important part of designing today’s chips. The goal of this thesis is to design a device for transmitting data between I2C and APB buses while considering low power techniques in the design. Verification is also a part of this thesis.
This thesis first compares the different techniques used for low power design. As a result of the comparison, clock gating technique is used in the design. An analysis was done to describe the registers that the clock gating is used for, and the reasons to use clock gating at these registers.
The work flow goes from specification to physical design. Verification was done using self-checking tests and code coverage is also used in the thesis, along with graphical examples of FSM coverage.
Four different methods of clock gating were used to compare different results. These methods are: no clock gating use, automatic clock gating (placed during synthesis), manual clock gating (manually placed cells), and manual clock gating, combined with automatic clock gating.
Power estimations were done and compared after the synthesis, as well as after the physical design. The power estimations done after the physical design, were done for idle and communication mode of the device. The results of the power consumption estimation are compared and use cases are shown, as well with their power consumption.
Keywords: RTL, I2C, APB, low power design, clock gating, power estimation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes reverse engineering of an existing USB device designed for measuring
and logging temperature and humidity of the surrounding air. The objective is to conduct
an analysis of employed communications protocols, serving as a basis for creation of new
software compatible with Windows x64, GNU/Linux and Mac OS X platforms. The concepts
of device drivers development, being a crucial part of the newly created software, are also
described in the text.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this work is to create a communication API along with graphical user interface for remote control of a robot in a WiFi network. Communication API is written in language Java, and adds a high level of abstraction to robot's communication protocol for any applications using this API. User Interface is an application developed for operating system Android and allows to sent all commands and read all sensor data supported by the robot and 
display them in written and graphical form, including pictures from robot's cameras and sounds from its microphones. Both Communication API a graphical user interface are adapting to robot's available components and can be easily extended by new features.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with forward error correction with focus to packet loss.
It's result is implementation of hardware encoder and decoder of video packets to platform MVTK-4K.
Activity of these modules is derived from standard SMPTE-2022-1.</td>]
[<td>This text deals with design, realization and testing of firmware written in
VHDL for an FPGA circuit. Creation of this firmware was part of a team
project named Little Car II. The goal of this project was to create a car model
that can be controlled from a PC or mobile device using Wi-Fi technology.
The original car model was radio controlled. This model was modified to fulfil
the goals of this project. The FPGA mentioned is part of the car model.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with development of NTP server as embedded system on ARM platform. Server is implemented in LM3S8962 microcontroler. Time is synchronized with GPS system. Final product is intended for non-critical applications with low manufacture and maintenance costs.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design of hardware accelerator core which calculates missing items in input stream of pre-processed information on the derivative markets. Implemented was the unit calculating values of Implied IN spread using language VHDL.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis was to familiarize with history of searching of the open and closed knight’s tour, with a focus on used methods. It was progra-mmed a heuristic to illustrate knight’s tour for microcontroller ATmega382p. The heuristic could be easily edited to change size of a chessboard or a ﬁnal square.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis contains design and description of simple translator from C to VHDL language. It also evaluates current available solutions of translation from high-level languages to hardware description languages. Implementation is made in Java language.
The translator can be useful in the design of hardware project algorithms, which are easily described in high-level language.
</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on searching in the database of graduation theses. First it compares solutions that are used by selected universities. Based on the results of this comparison a search application is designed and implemented using Ruby on Rails framework and ElasticSearch technology. The application is designed to provide a quick and user-friendly search. Then this work describes testing of the application. At the end of this work, the application is compared to the known solutions, and evaluated with respect to both financial and non-financial aspects.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this thesis is to deeply analyze the means of playing and publishing video on web pages. We describe appropriate web browser technologies from the oldest to the most modern ones. Nowadays the most commonly used technology is Flash. By means of RTMP protocol the Flash plug-in is able to play videos and live broadcasts or publish data from webcam and microphone. The output of this thesis is a documented and tested RTMP server which enables visitors of web pages organize on-line video-conference, replay video files or upload their own video into a file. This and many other functions of the server are demonstrated in sample applications.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about development of mobile application to facilitate floor planning of house equipment at tablets and smatphones with OS Android. It contains a competitive application analysis, design and implementation of application prototype. Results prototype was thoroughly tested. Thesis result is application available on Google Play Store.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design, implementation and testing of Information system for hotels for Android OS and its connection to server. Application has multi-language features and displays actual information about hotel. Guests can reserve services and can chat with hotel staff. Part of the application is keyboard with automatic switching of keyboard layout, support for kiosk mode and module for sending information about actual status of devices.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create a tool for storing and presentation of data obtained from non-destructive testing of pressure vessels using acoustic emission method.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is focused on supporting student project called Project Elf, whose goal is to develop educational game application for children of preschool age. This thesis deals with the selection of a suitable game engine and other necessary tools useful in game development. Thesis contains a game development tutorial for a selected game engine. The output is user-tested tutorial with examples of the implementation process of range-limited gaming application. Part of the output is also prepared a unyfied development environment for creating games in the selected game engine.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the implementation of algorithms working with the propositional logic. It describes application design and creation of the  application, which processes propositional formulas and theories. This application can also create truth-tables, verify satisfiability of propositional theories and authenticate, if the stated formula is a consequence of the given theory. The application is written in C programming language. The thesis includes programming and user documentary materials and automated tests for checking the correctness of the results.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to design a protocol and to implement a library
for manipulation with grammars, automata and regular expressions. It
contains a short description of existing solutions, design of communication
format based on XML, design of inner forms for given formalisms, description
of library implementation and description of applications which use the
library as a proof of concept.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes process of creating (analysis, design, implementation and testing) of plugin for development environment NetBeans to support technology XDefiniton. It also contains description of NetBeans IDE, the above mentioned technology XDefinition and why it was necessary to create this plugin, how it works and how it can make easier to work with XDefinition technology.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with text documents collaboration issue.  Includes search and describe different approaches for creating and editing text document with an emphasis to  collaborative features. It describes and suggests solution to the issue of collaboration in homogenous and heterogenous technical environment. Especially focusing to two-way document conversion. From gained knowledge thesis analyze and designs tool which unifies document convertors in one application.</td>]
[<td>In the recent years the IT world is becoming more mobile. In the context of these current trends, this thesis is focuse on the usage of mobile devices in the corporate sector in the form of BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) in terms of technical, economical and legal aspects. In the next part of this thesis, possible scenarios of BYOD approach are defined and costs of acquisition and operations of the BYOD technology are quantified.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this work is to design and implement the transfer of conceptual diagram OntoUML to UML diagram that it is subsequently possible to generate the whole structure of the model. For implementation use Smalltalk language and system Pharo. Proposal of the application is based on a detailed analysis of the conceptual language OntoUML and ways transfer to UML.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the development of a web application used for visualizing the relationships of words based on their frequency of common occurrences. This paper contains full software development cycle from initial analysis to final deployment. Theoretical knowledge in the field of software engineering is applied in this paper. The paper discusses the architecture, client, server and database part of the application.</td>]
[<td>The present work provides an introduction to digital signing, maps the current state of standardization and legislation processes, proposes a design concept of a software manager of electronically signed documents for a cloud-based DMS SharePoint Online and demonstrates its realization on a prototype implementation.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about development of mobile application for Android operating system. This application will be a client in the system for people movement monitoring. This thesis describes the analysis of the problem, design, implementation and testing. Thesis result is prototype of this application.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis sums up the whole concept of BigData and its history. It also describes techniques tightly related with this concept including evolution of how engineers look on CAP theorem which happens to be one of the biggest rules in modern distributed computing. In the next part thesis focus on open- source software from Apache BigData platform. It looks under the hood of NoSQL database Cassandra which is primary software for this thesis. Last part describes real use cases of Cassandra and related technologies in real world examples and description creation of certain use cases whose will be used in newly prepared course.
</td>]
[<td>Goal of this thesis is to create tool which allows programmer to refactore code and database at once. And extendable framework with set of essential refactoring rules will be created.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the issues of usability and the development of applications for onboard computers in cars based on the web technologies. The included demo will demonstrate the user interface between the Tuner and Media controls, which will communicate with the main computer of a car. The Media control provides the choice of playing music from storage and the Tuner controls allows the user to choose the frequency of the radio. Part of this thesis is also the analysis of JavaScript frameworks and web browsers for deployment in onboard computers. An essential part of this thesis is also the introduction of the issues of user interface in cars, of distribution of applications, and of their limitations and functionality.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes importance and usage of business plan for starting companies. Discovered information are then used to create specific business plan, that is about family company. Company is going to offer developing web pages and service of IT devices.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is studying Groovy language and possibilities of its usage in web and business applications. Main goal of the thesis is to analyze Groovy language and framework Grails and prove knowledge by implementing a suitable example application. Theoretical part of the thesis is introducing Groovy, its features and syntax and compares it with Java language. Thesis then analyzes framework Grails, its architecture, characteristics and many options that make programming of web application easier. Thesis also contains design, implementation and testing of application and description of used aproach and methods. Outcome of the thesis is application similar to example semestral application from the subject Object Modeling, which could be later used during its courses.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with a development process of the web application Haxtip for a tip agency. The betting subjects are events from the online game Haxball. The main sections of the work are: design, definition of user roles, suitable data structure and user interface. As a result an implemented and well tested application comes out which can be immediately put into the operation mode.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is design and implement web environment for Citi-
zen Science projects. The system uses database MongoDB. The system is
implemented in PHP (using framework Nette) and JavaScript with jQuery
framework.</td>]
[<td>The work focuses on the design and implementation of the application which enables users to review and evaluate goods of the Internet store. Whithin the several chapters there is gradually described the present condition of the problem of the particular operator. The work contains the solution which
is analyzed, designed and implementated with the specifications of chosen platform of the OS Android.
Testing and knowledge for the further development are also part of the work. At the end of the work there are evaluated the versions of the using data obtained by the application. There are also defined the possibilities of the further development of the implemented aplication as well as the whole project which this application is part of.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is a performance comparison of inverted index against conventional method, which is represented by precursor filter, in the
identification of peptides. Peptides against which to compare the samples will be obtained from the database of protein sequences. These protein sequences will be split by enzymatic way to individual peptides. For these peptides I obtain mass of their ions and put them in correct inverted index. The samples are obtained from mass spectrometer using technique SWATH. This technique is ideal for inverted index, because it uses the window with size 25 Dalthons against the other techniques which use a window with size about 0,01 Dalthon. Each of these windows represents one inverted index in the database. For comparing the sample from SWATH mass spectrometer and data from inverted index I used cosine similarity, which is ideal bacause it is independent on the dimension of the compared data.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is a market research of online pharmacies. It is focused on North America and western Europe, particularly on the USA, Canada, UK, Germany and the Czech Republic. In each of these countries seven pharmacies have been selected and those have been evaluated in terms of the portfolio, marketing, technology and user friendliness. 
The theoretical part discusses strengths and weaknesses of particular pharmacies as well as recommendations which they are supposed to follow. It also includes descriptions of specific modern trends that have been discovered during the research. The practical part contains a case study focused on two Czech pharmacies of Christopher Robin Ltd. and their comparison. Based on the analysis results, the work suggests changes that these pharmacies should undergo in the future.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is focused on how to support development of preschool children's cognitive functions and how to analyze their skills with information technologies. The thesis contains an analysis of games for young children and seeks design suggestions for development of videogames for a young audience. The goal of the work is to design and implement a new educational game for a tablet based on requirements of a psychologist. The thesis also describes user testing of the product aplication with preschool children.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to design and implement a web application for visualization and management of the transport lines. Architecture of the application
is designed as a three-layer and consists of the presentation, business and data layer. The presentation layer is divided into two modules. The administrator
module is intended exclusively for data input and other administration. Public module presents the final system of lines. The server part of the application
uses Nette framework and Doctrine ORM framework. The graphs in the client part are created by jqPlot, which is an extension of the JavaScript library
jQuery. The result of the thesis is a functional application designed for smaller systems of bus and city transport lines, which allows visualization of lines
in the schematic diagram and the time diagram. Application is going to be evolved and expanded.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis deals with the modernization of the internal information system of a private company. The main goal of the thesis is to streamline the process support of the production of the SkyWire device. Great emphasis is placed on the intuitive graphical user interface. For the better effectiveness of production it is necessary to analyse the current work processes and on their basis define a functional prototype of a new application. The application will cover the complete administration of clients, orders and of delivery notes, which will simplify and speed up the process of the order execution. The Nette framework environment, which was unknown to me then, has been pre-selected for the development of the application. My personal goal is to get to know this environment and to try out the complete development process of a software project from analysis to testing on a real IS of a company.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this master thesis was to develop an information system specialized for a carservice network, through which it will be possible to manage inventory, repairs of cars, product orders and invoices. The solution should also be a component for managing customers and employees. The main part of the work is the analysis of existing solutions and the rationale for the development of a new system, analysis of this developed system, description of the implementation and the application testing. The web application has been developed in the programming language PHP using the Nette framework.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to analyze information sources of politicians and election candidates. This information will be used for creation of voting portal. Other content will be created by editors and visitors. The goal is to design a database, create import from external services and portal administration.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with algorithms for finding key players in social networks  and their implementation as modules for an open source tool called Gephi. The first part of the thesis describes several basic centralities and introduces alogrithms aimed to identify key players. The second chapter analyzes the aforementioned tool Gephi and describes the modules implementation design. The final part of the thesis is dedicated to the description of the selected algorithms implementation. It also contains the results of the subsequent testing and comparison of the algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The Goal of this bachelor's thesis is an analysis, design and implementation of a software system, which enables an import of entities and their relationships from the information base MBI (Management of Business Information) into the graph database Neo4j. The system also provides their suitable visualizing according to the needs of MBI users.

According to the analysis and design, the import of entities and their relationships is made by XSLT transformation, which transforms the received data from MBI through a Java program, and then by Batch importer, which creates a new Neo4j database from the transformed data. The visualizing, viewing and searching of the database is done by the query language Cypher. The thesis is also shortly describing the information base MBI and technologies used during its implementation.

The outcome of this thesis is a system, which automatically creates a new database in Neo4j out of received data from MBI. The database can be viewed and searched via pre-prepared Cypher queries. An alternative of the information searched in MBI is thus offered to a user via the graph database Neo4j. </td>]
[<td>The thesis focuses on creating an application manager for a project called Skøítek (Elf). The main purpose of this project is creating educational games for the Android OS. Outcome of this thesis will be a sugested way to implement a central application that manages game files of multiple individual applications. Furthermore, the thesis states a proposed set of requirements for the managed applications. These requirements will be demonstrated with an implemented prototype.</td>]
[<td>The main topic of this thesis is RESTful API testing. It is focused on current solutions and possibilities and summarizes this knowledge. The second part is focused on development of scenario based testing tool for RESTful APIs. The output is summarization of knowledge about RESTful API testing itself and the testing tool developed in the second part.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is part of a project, which consists of three bachelor theses and is tasked to create a new iteration of web application for planning and rating teacher duties at Faculty of information technology of CTU. This thesis focuses on analysis of the current implementation of the service. Based on the data gathered from the analysis a new user interface is designed. Another focus of this thesis is analysis and choice of suitable technology for implementation. Combined output of all three theses is fully funtional web application for planning and rating teacher duties.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with adding artificial intelligence and network communication modules into the framework for creating and playing board games. The functionality of these two modules is demonstrated on these games: Thurn and Taxis, Tic-Tac-Toe, and pr¹í (the Czech version of Uno). The modules have been created using C# technology.</td>]
[<td>This bachalor's thesis deals with the very popular theme of IT, cloud computing and it's relation to academic environment. The purpose is to analyze academic environment, create recommendation of an optimal IT infrastructure for student's clubs (and start-ups) and evaluate this recommendation based on economical and executive factors. The thesis suggests solution based on either public clouds and thought of own private CTU Cloud. The Thesis provides information, based on which customer with technical background can decide for the right IT infrastructure. Introduction of the thesis describes definitions of a cloud and academic environment, part with analysis is placed in the middle and the conclusion is dedicated to infrastructure itself and economical and executive analysis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and realization of plugin for Filemaker, which enables comunication with contact smart card this application. There are description of work with Filemaker, basics creation of plugins and comunication with smart card using PKCS#11 library in the first part. The second part of my thesis conteins design of my plugin and its implementation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis concentrates on formats for storing musical notation, mainly on loading and saving them. It gives a~suggestion of an inner structure for storing musical scores and using this structure, it realizes both operations with the addition of conversion between supported formats.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to realize a project which makes the process of learning new vocabulary easier. Application offers intelligent testing based on previous answers. Advantages of the application are vocabulary packages created by community and simple graphic design. Thesis describes the development of mobile application from the analysis to testing. Technical part concerns mainly with user interface and functional prototype.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the available distance learning systems with detailed
focus on the web application Moodle. It includes design and implementation
of a plugin for Moodle that supports parameterized question and can import
questions from the GIFT format.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with syntax of formulas of propositional logic and 
with the possibility to express these formulas in other syntactical
forms, preserving their semantic meaning.
At first, the work describes formulas from the point of view of the formal language
theory. Then it analyses, why and how it is possible to express formulas,
preserving their semantics, in certain universal and minimal dialects of
logical binary operators and in disjunctive and conjunctive normal form,
including completion of these forms and their minimization.
An application, implementing the syntax techniques stated before,
is a part of this work. It is written in the C programming language.
There are some implementation details describing the application,
as well as the testing of this application.</td>]
[<td>The domain of this thesis is the emerging discipline of enterprise engineering. DEMO is the applied modeling methodology to provide models of enterprises. The DEMO engine is a software engine that supports DEMO modeling, simulation for validation and execution. DEMO models can be used to develop enterprise IT systems using the DEMO engine. 
This thesis is concerned with a software engineering question for the implementation of a part of the DEMO engine, the action model processor, which is new and uncharted territory. There is a traditional approach for this new engine, based on a line oriented interpreter. This is considered safe and will deliver a reasonable working solution, but with some quite serious drawbacks in terms of quality and user friendliness. There is also an alternative approach, based on modern and advanced software engineering principles such as a model driven approach and expression trees. It may deliver much better result in terms of user friendliness and elimination of potential errors. However, the feasibility is considered questionable and risky. 
This thesis identifies and specifies the challenges of the action model processor and provides reasoning to support a decision and the consequences for both approaches.</td>]
[<td>Thesis compares development in IBM BPM and opensource case Activiti. Theoretical and practical part, both are searching for differents between this two platforms and answer to question if commercial case from IBM is fully compensative for opensource case and if development in both cases is comparably demanding. In theoretical part, there was found differences known before start of implementation. In practical part was prooved, that parts from teoretical part are right and these differences was supplemented with new searched differences found during development process.</td>]
[<td>The main aim of this work is to design and implement the core of large web application to store, manage and playback note record. The application provides extensive functionality and serve musicians of various levels of education to work with music records.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis focuses on design and implementation of a web application according to the functional paradigm. Its purpose is to explore the capabilities of Clojure programming language to write such applications.

Firstly, available libraries and frameworks for Clojure are analysed. Then the requirements analysis is made and several basic design models are created. The implementation itself is commented with focus on the benefits of purely functional programming.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis illustrates issues of dynamic geometry. Based on analyse thesis describes the process of design and implementation of interactive geometric sketchpad for web client, which is portable and does not need to install.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of web application for predictive analysis of reliability. Before the designing  offers an analysis of current state of problematics. Application allows to manage systems and their components and primarily to calculate the dependability indicators.
 In addition, it provides a theoretical basis for understanding the structure and work with the MIL-HDBK-217F standard which the application calculations are based on.
The application is based on the Symfony2 PHP framework and MySQL database.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to create an issue tracking system and support for processes when solving them. Users interact with the system by a web browser. The main parts are an explanation of reasons for the development of a new system, a detailed analysis and a description of implementation and testing. The application was developed on Java platform by a team consisting of two people.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerning the current psychological knowledge about human motivation to work in order to find a meaningful way how to apply it practically in real-life environment using a information system. Purpose of such a~system is to be able to collect relevant data for first and middle-level management.

The paper is divided into theoretical and practical parts. The first part is about summarizing basic knowledge and methods of classification and measurement of human motivation. The main aspects here are methods defined by the scientific framework Self-Determination Theory.

Second part includes analysis of given methods and selecting the ones, which are practically applicable. Subsequently, the prototype of suitable information system is designed using the traditional software engineering methods.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis solves creating a plugin into a program RapidMiner 5, which is realising an operator of artificial neural network with advanced learning algorithms. The created operator extends the RapidMiner 5 capabilities of learning an artificial neural network by algorithms Delta-Bar-Delta, Quickprop and Rprop. This thesis contains an analyze of learning algorithms and a current solution in the program RapidMiner 5, a design of the plugin, an implementation of the plugin and final testing of created plugin with different data sets.</td>]
[<td>In this work, I analyze the digital currency Bitcoin as an alternative form of assets for organizations in private sector. The analysis takes into account financial and technical risks of digital currency: it describes the current and expected exchange rate of Bitcoin and at the same time it analyses the risk of attacks on virtual bitcoin store. The optimal approach for possible investment in digital currency is designed to minimise the risk given by such investment.</td>]
[<td>The content of this bachelor thesis are design and implementation of the
program, for administration of tournament in sabre fencing. And comparison with current solution, which will be replaced. Also contain design of mobile application for arbiter and design of comuncation between application and program.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor's thesis is the analysis of the NoSQL database systems
and the following design and implementation of the part of the system
for saving, management and playing music records. Firstly, there is an explanation
of the NoSQL technologies. After the introduction of the issues and
the definition of basic concepts, there is an analysis of leading representatives
of the particular NoSQL categories. Practical part contains the design, implementation
and testing of the database of the application. At the conclusion of
this work, there are pros and cons of the use of some of the NoSQL technologies
in our application.</td>]
[<td>Several methods for classification of semi-structured documents already exist, thus also classifications for individual modalities of multimedia content. However, every method can behave differently on individual data and can be differently appropriate for the considered task. Because of that, relying on a single classifier or a static weighting of their results is not adequate.

Purpose of this thesis is thus a research into suitable classification methods and aggregation of their results to determine a finite class of lecture or conference recording.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the simulation of effects achieved by enlightened streams of water fountain. The aim of thesis is to create C++ application which can play a preview of the show designed for water fountain located in Jindøichùv Hradec. The part of this thesis is an introduction to the process of creating new water fountain shows.</td>]
[<td>The first part of this thesis is an overview of available information about Information Security Management System (the essential norms and procedures). Therefore the thesis provides a framework manual for the implementation of Information Security Management System into various businesses and other organisations. The second (implementation) part describes ISMS implementation procedure in real, however anonymised company. This part refers to the information mentioned in the first (research) part.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis explains the theory behind modeling of the laminar fluid flow. Then it describes the analysis and design of the application for modeling simple 2D cases of the fluid flow. At the end we compare the results of the application with benchmark solutions.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with automatic classification of human foot disorders. 

To classify two types of disorders, flat foot and cavus foot, we explore the use of machine learning. Features are extracted automatically from a podoscope photograph using computer vision methods.

We managed to create models that can classify foot disorders with 79% accuracy. We found that neural networks produce the best results for this particular problem. 

Based on the results we illustrate the versatility of machine learning and computer vision methods.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discuss software for purpose of creating a price calculations for small and medium sized entities. Work starts with the analysis of common available possibilities of creating price calculations and their comparison based on prior stated criteria.

Second part of the thesis deals with creation of new software for price calculations by using knowledge gained from earlier made analysis.

Since the software has ambition for use in small and medium sized entities, third part of thesis contains feasibility study in real, dynamically growing, smaller company which core business is creation of mobile and website applications. One part of work is focused on implementing the software application using the proposal made and its use in the entity.

The final part is focused on discussing the benefits, which where detected in the company after the applications was being used and the ones that are expected in the future.  </td>]
[<td>The main objective of this thesis was to design and implement a web ap- plication, that allows easy search of motorcycle service and management of electronic service book. I analyze the chosen way of implementation in detail. In addition, I also mention other possible approaches. The resulting appli- cation is also tested by real users, which will help to determine the future direction of development.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis describes the issue of music reproduction in a web browser. The motivation for this work is the need for quality music reproduction in an application developed by a group of students of CVUT FIT as a part of theses. It describes the possible solutions of the problem and the realization of the chosen approach. The possibilities of sound synthesis and use of sound effects were described as part of this work.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this Bachelor's thesis is the implementation of a
web application (the Localization Server) for the remote and centralized
management of mobile application translations. The software is being developed
for the company Zentity, a.s. The accompanying text describes the shortcomings
of the current translation processes within the company, and justifies the
development of the new piece of software. It then analyzes the company's
needs, and based on these, it designs the software in detail. The
conclusion discusses the extent to which the requirements were fulfilled and the
contribution of the finished web application for developers.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is a continuation of ProjectAssign project, which includes an implementation of web application, which helps students of 
Programming 2 subject at FEL ÈVUT with choosing and submitting their semestral projects. The main goal of this thesis is to implement an Android client,
which will be displaying the content of web application on mobile device even if it is offline. Thesis consists of analysis, design and implementation of final application.</td>]
[<td>
The main goal is to analyze, design and implement a web information system for loan administration. The application replaces a loan evidence from a table editor, extends its functionality, eliminates human mistakes and facilitates general user comfort with data working. The system is programmed in C# language using ASP.NET framework. The result is a usable application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis analyses primary issues of creating dashboards within CMS Drupal. Furthermore, it documents the right solutions for implementation of the application and it clarifies the selection of the given solutions in relation to initial requirements. The paper also contains description of the most interesting problems solved during implementation of the application and the following user testing. The main benefit of this paper is the extensive analysis, which can be used to develop similar applications.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to describe the agile business analysis creation process with focus on keeping the analysis documentation actual and cohesive. The agile business analysis process will be examined in the project of the Social network redesign for company S.I.C., Ltd.
The agile business analysis brings easy approach to customers' goals and needs in comparison to traditional methods. The agile business analysis is ready to respond to the customer need for change as well as the agile methodology itself.
Several documents analysing target product - software have been created during the project: Vision Board, Personas and Product Backlog.
The Vision Board describes the project vision and its context.
The Personas technique has been used to analyse users and stakeholders. The document Personas has been created as the result.
The User Story method has been used to analyse functional and non-functional product requirements. User stories have been documented in the Product Backlog. Gathering all the requirements Product Backlog states the project scope.
The thesis describes creation of these documents. It points out problems raised and suggests how to do agile business analysis in a project.
The thesis summaries agile business analysis advantages and disadvantages in comparison to the traditional business analysis methods.</td>]
[<td>CTU Navigator is a project, whose main goal is creation of high quality and user friendly application, that should make every day duties of all members of CTU academia easier. Application's main functionality is to provide navigation in buildings of CTU campus and between them.
This thesis aims to design and create client application focused on hotel services and to describe changes in communication interface between applications and server. To achieve this goal, already existing application of CTU Navigator was modified and nearly finished.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create a module for the web-based application and to analyze some recognition algorithms. This module should handle the optical music sheet recognition process. It can accept music sheet image and it recognizes basic notation symbols. The result is saved as an inner representation of music sheet which is designed for playing and editing.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelors thesis was to perform an analysis of fifteen web
portals of state administration in the Czech Republic. Out of these, four were
chosen, to which four equivalent portals in Great Britain were found and were
then compared to each other. The analysis dealt mostly with user interface,
usability in different web browsers or on mobile devices and with the quality
of their graphic design. On the basis of the analysis and on the basis of found
shortages, different changes were suggested for every web portal, in order to
improve them and make them more readily available.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes the possibilities of Running Lean methodology for effective software development. The first part describes the existing methodologies for software development and there is a comparison of agile Scrum methodology and Running Lean methodology. The second part describes Running Lean methodology. Running Lean methodology is demonstrated on the real practical example. In the last part, there is
the summary of advantages and disadvantages of Running Lean methodology. The conclusion contains general recommendations and summarizes the benefits of Running Lean methodology.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to implement an advanced editor of CoffeeScript
language for NetBeans. This editor will provide advanced functions like code
completion, syntax checking and source code navigation. The analysis of Co-
ffeeScript source code will be performed using a parser created with ANTLR
parser generator.</td>]
[<td>CTU Navigator is a project, which aims to create a system that will help
students and teachers with navigation and every day duties at CTU. Navigator offers quick navigation through buildings of CTU. Navigator also provides information from other university systems, like show desired timetable.
This thesis aims to create communication API, which covers communication between server and client applications. For testing purposes is created application for mobile phones with Android operating system</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work is to analyze the existing information system for education of consultants of Safety Line and afterwards design a new information system that simplifies, streamlines and automates the current educational processes of the association. The design puts emphasis on complexity and scalability of the system. To verify the accuracy of the proposal a prototype of the information system is implemented and subsequently tested. The prototype includes the key features of the new proposed solution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the creation of a web application for questionnaire administration. The research of the tools already available is followed by the proposal of a distinct solution and its implementation using the PHP framework Symfony2. This application enables the creation and the completion
of questionnaires with a conditional display of questions. The application can be integrated as a module into another application.</td>]
[<td>This Master Thesis aims at development process of the iPhone invoice application named Fakturoid -- from analysis through design of wireframes and implementation up to testing. The paper also includes analysis how to make forms and collaboration on the Android version.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is focused on design, implementation and configuration
of a universal reservation system. After determining main requirements on
reservation systems and describing drawbacks of current solutions, a new web
application is designed. The universal reservation system is configurable to
function for varied applications (reservation of courts, cars, etc.) and business
models. It also allows to be linked to personal calendar or social network.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is to develop a system for student testing. It is focused mainly on high-school students and will be deployed in Russia. The system will be based on a client-server architecture, while the client side is built in Anroid OS, and the server in the form of a Java application. The goal of the thesis is to create an easy-to-use and stable system with a user-friendly interface which would be able to carry out and evaluate tests and then store them in some repository. As a result will be considered working applications which will be thoroughly tested for the ability to replace paper tests.</td>]
[<td>This thesis aims to implement a web chat application. The exchange of messages between clients and the server is carried out by the socket.io library and the application server is implemented using Node.js. In its first part, the thesis explores and describes these technologies. In the next part the implementation of the application is described in detail. Finally the application is tested, focusing on performance while under stress of large number of users.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this bachelors thesis is to develop mobile application for reading e-books for devices based on Android OS. There is performed detailed analysis of existing applications for e-book reading before design. 

The design part is based on analysis results and consists of defining requirements, developing UI design, creating database model and selecting proper API level. After that follows implementation with description of used technologies and instruments for developing working prototype of the application.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with development of a mobile application for tablets with operating system iOS, which should simplify preparations of floorball trainings and exercises. User of this application should fully focus on the content of training unit, not the form in which it will be captured and then presented to his team.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create a mobile application Live alphabet for
Windows Phone. Main purpose of this application is to generate text photogtaphs
where each letter represents one photomodel. A prototype for Windows
RT and Windows 8 is also included.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is part of a project, which is supposed to create a new version of information system for rating teacher job performance at The Faculty of Information Technology of CTU in Prague. The thesis describes methodology of teacher job performance calculation. Next purposes of this thesis are to design and describe new structure of database and to describe used data sources in application. Last part of thesis is dealing with design and implementation of data transmission from internal database to data warehouse of faculty.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about designing and implementation of client application for social network called DeviantArt. Output of this thesis should be application designed for mobile devices with operating system iOS. Part of this thesis is analysis of DeviantArt API and research of existing clients for iOS platform.</td>]
[<td>The presented thesis examines possibilities in field of web analysis with an emphasis on the analysis of individual user's behavior. The main goal of this thesis is to create a functional application that will monitor and evaluate that behavior while focusing on data visualization. Data will be visualized through heat maps and sessions replay. The main advantage of this visualization is that the results are displayed in overlay to the real site and provides real-time information. The main contribution of this thesis is the development of a new tool enabling comprehensive web analysis. Implementation of the application is built on Ruby on Rails framework. The application is further tested online and the results are evaluated in accordance with possibilities for future application development.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design and implementation of set of NetBeans IDE plugins,whichserveasasupporttoolindevelopingtheJavaCardapplications. It describes the Java Card technology, general principles of NetBeans Platform plugins development and procees of creating Java Card Manager Suite. The thesis also contains a user manual for installing and using these plugins.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to introduce algorithmic trading on financial markets. This thesis defines basic terms, definitions and concepts used in the largest financial market - FOREX. The most important content of this thesis is design, implementation and testing followed up by evaluation of automated trading system based on price information directly acquired from the market.</td>]
[<td>CTU Navigator is a project to support orientation in the school areas and to make the daily activities of students and teachers easier. This bachelor thesis deals with it by extending of the core server part. Key enhancements include support for caching, which leads to the reduction of memory and performance requirements. Furthermore, it proposes changes needed to use application in hotels, where customers of large hotel chains would mainly use its services. It observes the main operating indicators to monitor the current status.That may contribute to the further improvement of the system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the creation of CAD application prototype using technology HTML5 Canvas. Another part of this thesis was REST API design for communication with the server. CAD application uses this API for communication. Application was also measured for performance.</td>]
[<td>This thesis proposes and tests procedures and methods for the marketing of IT products to the European market. IT product of this work is the application App4Fest - mobile applications for music festivals. The aim of this thesis is to analyze the competition and designing marketing strategies. After analyzing the competition selling price is designed. The proposed marketing strategies are then applied to two sample countries. Individual strategies are evaluated and on their basis the main issues are set out in marketing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis is dealing with issues of e-shop optimalization for mobile devices. The outcome of this thesis is a proposal for mobile app using user interface adapted for Android platform. Designed app offers basic functionality of ordinary online stores. The foundation for this design was among other things analysis of existing apps of selected e-shops. Using the draft, I have implemented an app prototype which was thoroughly tested.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of mobile application for
ultralight aircrafts. Application is able to find suitable route for emergency
landing. Application supports navigation along computed route. Another part
of this thesis is research of familiar applications and testing.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis is intended to summarize the issue of software testing
with focus on automatization and to present the idea of user testing. For this
purpose I designed a concept of framework which is based on existing testing
tools. This thesis should serve IT companies as a basis for a more detailed
research of this way of testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis inquires into design and implementation of system used
for booking and selling tickets to the ball, which is organized in Kamenná
village, Tøebíè district. New application is proposed on the basis of require-
ments on system and of analysis of existing systems. In thesis are discussed
methods leading to solve problems, which were detected during realization.
The result of implementation part is on-line system.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the thesis is to design a web application for easy creating, editing and sharing presentations. Presentation content is written in Texy syntax. Application has every necessary feature for creating presentations. User can insert an image, table etc. or select a graphical theme.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the user interface of e-learning. The aim of this thesis is to successfully learn from the mistakes of the current systems and then design better solution for own system. The thesis guides the readers through the whole process from detailed analysis of selected systems, over the own design based on the gained knowledge and the implementation entire application. Systems is implemented as a web application and its user interface was tested on users. According to acquired knowledge the final e-learning is subsequently modified.</td>]
[<td>The author of this thesis deals with the design and implementation of modular platform for developing web-based information system for children's organizations using the Symfony2 framework. In the first chapters the reader is familiarized with the problems and used framework. In the following chapters, the author analyzes the needs of organizations working with children, designs the platform, designs ways of extending of modules and functions of each module. Subsequently, the work describes implementation of platform and modules. In the last chapters are described the compilation of sample information system using finished platform,  the process of testing and evaluation of the economic advantages of the implementation of this platform compared to the implementation of separate information systems.</td>]
[<td>This work describes design and implementation of automatic PPC cam- paign efficiency analysis tool, which provides colection of statistics from ad- vertising systems and their following visualization in user interface. The main benefit of this work is ability to track advertisement efficiency in synoptic form including aggregate metrics and providing advices for efficiency increment.</td>]
[<td>The ordering party of this thesis is the game portal Gamesites.cz. This bachelor thesis serves to players of multiplayer games. In the application, players group into clans which are associated with competitions. Basic types of competitions are league and tournament. A league is freely accessible to every player, while a tournament is for invited only. The clans will play a match against each other and store the result of the match into the application, which will count the score of each clan. Each league contains a list of clans ranked by the number of points they have won. Through this application, users can also book a server for a match. The whole application is controled from the administrator interface.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis deals with creating electronic classbook. Part is the
description of the existing information system. The main part of the work
deals with the creation of a new information system, which consists of mobile
application for the Android OS, web services and databases. For web service
is used .NET technology and language C#. Mobile application is developed
in Java for OS Android. Database system used for this work is Microsoft
SQL Server 2000. Goal of this thesis is replace the old system with a new
information system. The results of user tests show that the new information
system is a suitable substitute for the old one.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis describes the basic principles of the Named Entity Recognition (NER), analyzes the currently most widely used NER tools and discusses
how can be these tools evaluated and compared. Based on the outputs of this theoretical part, a framework built on GATE-architecture is designed and implemented. This framework allows to completely evaluate NER tools, from preparation of corpuses and launch NER tools over them, to process and evaluate the quality of their outputs. At the end, the framework is also used to actual comparison of three NER tools - THD, Lupedia and TextRazor.</td>]
[<td>DokuWiki is a content management system, which is often used by teams of users to create a project documentation for academic or industrial projects. They often require to have it in LaTeX format. The goal of this thesis is to analyse the possibilities of export from DokuWiki syntax to LaTeX and to design, implement and test an exporting plugin based on the outcomes of this analysis. Plugin should be released among the other DokuWiki plugins as an open source software.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with information presentation by robot NAO. Although there are many ways of getting the data from the Internet, robot NAO becomes to be an interface or modern intermediary between Internet data sources and the end user. Apart from basic information about robot and research of webservices and other data channels, there is included a demo application with its design process. The application is able to retrieve data from the Internet, sort it and prepare it to suitable form for robot NAO. It remotely communicates with robot. There is also a simple way to adapt the data according to the user. The presentation is designed to be mostly made up of robot speech accompanied by created gestures. In the end, this application was tested by several users for usibility.</td>]
[<td>Sculpting is a popular method of 3D modeling that could benefit from the recent advancements in the field of virtual reality. This thesis focuses on implementation of a  sculpting system in a virtual reality environment. Oculus Rift head mounted display is used to immerse the user in this environment, while the interaction is facilitated by Razer Hydra, a 6-DOF hand tracking device. The sculpting employs an adaptively refined triangle mesh to represent the sculpted surface. The system was successfully implemented and tested, proving that sculpting in virtual reality is a viable option, offering the user a real sense of scale and depth in addition to an intuitive interaction.</td>]
[<td>This study identifies the most important factors of high-tech cluster performance along with their impacts on cluster environment. These factors are used to design new cluster models which represent new perspective on cluster environment. Finally, Czech Republic's descriptive case-study is realized to provide example of real-world application of major cluster factors and attributes.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with problems of relationship management of IT with the rest of the business. Based on the analysis of the barriers in perception of real value of IT this thesis describes the most common mistakes in solving the relationship problems. It emphasizes the needs of business focused IT services and presents a set of activities needed to achieve strategic partnership between CIO and the rest of the senior management. The second part of the thesis discusses current technological trends in terms of their potencial business value with special emphasis on Social Computing. The thesis also includes creation of a model for mapping impact of IT metrics on the economic results of the company and its verification in the developed software tool.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with cloud computing and its providers in Central Europe. At first the term cloud computing is defined. Thesis discusses cloud computing properties, advantages and disadvantages, differences between cloud computing and similar technologies. In the next part there is an analysis of global and local providers of cloud computing in Central Europe. Practical part of this thesis shows approach to selection the right cloud providers with regard to customer needs. For a better understanding, two companies are analyzed. </td>]
[<td>Today the maturity level of IT plays often a significant role in the success of business. IT also means a high cost and it is often in the role of a cost center in the enterprise. IT Financial Management has been overlooked for a long time. This thesis discusses the possibility of Financial Management introduction in IT department and shows the way to improve tracking cost, measuring consumption of services and budgeting. Hereby is trying to reach a level of profit centers and business partner.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of application in
MS Excel for creating insurance contracts. The input for the aplication will be
data from clients, entered by users and output will be proposal for contracts
for these clients.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis was to design and implement an information system for a kayak and canoe travel agency. After a precisely made analysis of the needs of the splavujeme.sk travel agency, the system was designed. The result is a functional information system, that could be used by the travel agency after User Interface testing and possibly User Interface changes.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses the extension possibilities of existing web application for management of public tenders published on the Internet in Linked Data Cloud space. It covers analysis, design and implementation of specific extension for this system, which enriches it of the possibility to automatically create user-friendly HTML forms based on the properties of various products. Mentioned extension generates forms based on provided ontologies of specific types of products. These ontologies have to be created in accordance with e-commerce vocabulary of GoodRelations standards. The management of these ontologies, eg. loading an ontology, deleting them or process an update/change, is also part of the extension as new administration environment. The thesis is focusing mainly on usage of RDF and RDFa standards. The extension was tested in three different ways. Once it was tested based on fulfilling the functional and non-functional requirements, later it was tested through integration testing and finally via acceptance testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of new reservation component for information system of sport center. First chapter is about analysis of existing solutions. Next chapter is about design and implementation of new reservation component. The last part is about testing and possibilities for future improvements.</td>]
[<td>Thesis is engaged in possibilities of utilizing OntoUML for structural definition of Normalized Systems Expanders. It analyses the expressive capabilities of both concepts and compares them with each other. A key contribution of this work is to design a method for transformation OntoUML model into the element descriptor files of Normalized Systems Expanders. Work includes a prototype tool implementing this transformation. The designed method and tool functionality are also demonstrated in a case study.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the BPMN notation and a life cycle of a (process) application. It describes analysis of the process of disertation defense in the environment of FIT CTU and methods used for testing the final application including its reached results and related conclusions.</td>]
[<td>The following text describes the problem of visualization of large sparse matrices and also outlines some ways 
how to display even more extensive matrix on ordinary home computers without having extra large computing power. 
The outcome of this work is also a computer program, which can be used for convenient and easy viewing of large sparse matrices.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis explains the reader a global problem of food waste. It describes a possible solution in the form of a mobile application starting from analysis, design for simplicity and effectivity, to implementation of the mobile application on top of the Android OS and a server component using open-source sofware, followed by testing of the whole solution. This thesis also evaluates the final solution and gives a perspective for the future development with enhancements gained by the deployment of the application between real users.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is the design and implementation of information kiosk applications for the Android operating system. The work is divided into several parts. The first part deals with the Android operating system and briefly describes the development of applications. Another part is about benefits of an information kiosk and the last section explores in greater detail the design, implementation and testing of the final application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor's work is to provide a simplified and more intuitive way for preparation of high-quality program by leader's in children's organizations for their members. An entertaining program, that also contributes to the education and development of children. The application is designed for mobile phones and tablets with Android OS allowing effective use of time for a program preparation outside or even in the public transport.</td>]
[<td>This master's thesis deals with the field of monitoring on Java based systems. First, there is an analysis of the existing solutions and common approaches in monitoring, such as JMX technology or SNMP protocol. An extendable architecture was designed, which is then used for implementation of the monitoring framework. The implemented monitoring framework is integrated into an airport software called Unified Passenger Information System, deployed at Václav Havel airport and at some airports abroad. The implemented monitoring framework is also able to export the monitored data, which is demonstrated with professional commercial products.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes a design and an implementation of a framework for designing simple Multi-Agent Systems (MAS) on the iOS platform. The framework supports design of the Reactive, Deliberative and Hybrid agents. The thesis describes differences between individual agent types and covers a simple introduction to the field of MAS as well as specifics and limitations of MAS usage on the mobile platform. Functionality of the designed framework is verified on a prototype simulation of ship which is moving in 2D space. The framework design have been inspired by the InteRRaP hybrid agent architecture.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with process of selling tickets by Kultura Volynì. The result is draft, implementation and testing of prototype of application, which optimizes this process. The analysis captures the actual status of the company and a suitable solution for selling tickets proposed. The implementation is focused on definition of the basic properties of the system and on description of user interface. The conclusion of thesis contains evaluation of the benefits for Kulturní centrum in Volynì including economic pointers.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis is a part of a team project called "Development and operation of a social network". The main goal of this project is to technologically redesign an existing social network by replacing its outdated and inconvenient front-ends with a new ones, fully capable of using a modern Nette technologies.
A particular goal of this work is to create modules for running the social network, in this case a dating portal. Deals with an issues as implementation of login via Google+ API and MojeID, design of modules for pairing users based on their requirements or module for viewing users profiles.
The final version of chosen social network should run on cluster, therefore one of the next problems, the work is focusing on, is how to secure storing of sessions in internal database using SessionHandler service.
At the end the diploma thesis reveals a full test of created modules and services.</td>]
[<td>A research was created as one part of the thesis, then a system for dental surgeries was designed and finally implemented in the thesis. The application consists of two parts. The main part is a client application that is installed in each surgery  that orders the system. This application is used by a surgery staff and serves for handling information about patients and records about their visits. The second part is a server application that has two interfaces. The first one is a web interface that allows patients to book visits online. The second interface handles requests from all clients applications and synchronizes data with them. The work mainly focus on quality of the research and the design part, because the thesis should serve as a basis for real application, which should be later offered commercially.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with particle systems and skeletal animation. The aim of this work is to propose the real-time connection between the two methods. Final implementation will be independent of the resolution and it will be operational in real-time even on tiled displays using SAGE.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis includes the analysis, design, implementation and subsequent testing of several web application modules of the social network Libimseti.cz.

The aim of the study is to analyse the history of the service, its current status and to identify improvements. In the context of these improvements several modules were created to replace the existing ones while using better technology. These modules were then connected to the existing back-end architecture. One of these modules is the inter-user communication module. The goal of this study was to create an environment in which users could communicate with each other using instant text messages within the service. They could communicate with new people and get to know each other, which is the main purpose of the site.

The service is designed as a PHP application using the Nette framework. Jabber server was used in the inter-user communication module. It communicates by using a standardized protocol XMPP.</td>]
[<td>The thesis focuses on DevOps methodology and its use in application development. The goal of the thesis is to describe basic principles of DevOps, demonstrate the use on application developed during school project and summarize the advantages and disadvantages of used approach. Theoretical part introduces DevOps and tools supporting this methodology. Practical part describes setup of the environment for application development using DevOps methodology. The benefits of DevOps approach are shown on specific use cases.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis aims to specify and implement a format for distributing assistants for the DevAssistant application and design and implement a web repository to share assistants in that format with others.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the extension and modification of the already existing
system AKRMAT for creation of accreditation materials. The main objective
of this work is to adjust the system so that it will allow the creation of accreditation
materials for comprehensive learning program. In connection with
the main objective is the need to change the data model and comprehensively
overhaul the process of generating the accreditation materials. This thesis also
deals with the adjustment of generating curriculum, which received a new look
and form, and also addresses changes the appearance of application's frontend
that are caused by the main goal of this work and also caused by another needs.
In this work is also outlined other potential development of AKRMAT.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the possibilities of connecting social networks with CRM systems in the educational area. The first part contains theoretical introduction to social networks and CRM problematic. It also includes analysis of using those systems in broad range of areas. The second part describes
design of a component which implements the connection. </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with social online text-based video games, known as MUDs. Upon an example of one such Czech game called Prahy it shows one typical representative of this genre and an extension of such game.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, I describe UML Class diagram and OntoUML as two means of creating conceptual models. Using an illustrative case of an advertising agency, the model of which I created using both mentioned methods, I then compare their properties and point out their advantages and disadvantages.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to build a web application that would represent a complete solution to the process of creating, taking and evaluating exams. Apart from providing an overview of the implementation, the text tries to de- scribe in detail the decisions that were made while developing the application and to introduce to the reader the many ideas these decisions were based on.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design and implementation of web portal, which brings chocolate lovers together. The goal is to create a web application provides monitoring of chocolate consumption and offers to users a lot of advices on how to keep a healthy lifestyle. The thesis describes selected technology of platform Java EE, explains and illustrates application of methods of SEO and web portal connection to Facebook API. The entire application is based on Java EE platform using Prime Faces framework.</td>]
[<td>The thesis analyzes, designs, implements and tests the system for the comparison of various success measures in collaborative filtering. Set of experiments also compares and evaluates some of the success measures.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, the author deals with the question of extending the web-based information system with new features. These features are, in scope of this thesis, administration of sports fields bookings and communication with social media. The reader is familiarized with the problems of process and then he is introduced with all details of realization. The work is divided into two parts, the first is dedicated to the problems of booking features and the second is dedicated to integration of social media into the information system. Each part contains an analysis and selection of appropriate solution for implementation, analysis of individual features, their design and subsequent implementation. The result is a system that is fully extended by required features and is ready for deployment into the production environment.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis aims to describe design and realization of the system for creating sets of questions and generating knowledge tests. Priority of this work is advanced selection of subsets of the questions for particular test. The work presents the possibilities of the long-term maintenance of the system content and exploitation of user's group access during the operation with this content. The suggestion of the system features was rectified according to the user's needs.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes development of user interface of the navigation system in hospital. The goal of this project is to design a system that is accessible for handicapped users - mainly visually impaired, motor impaired and seniors. 
First part of the thesis focuses on the analysis of current approaches for indoor navigation of handicapped users. Second part analyses target groups' needs and requirements. The outcome of those analyses is used in designing optimal user interfaces. 
In the practical part, low-fidelity and high-fidelity prototypes are created and tested with target user audience. The final part of the thesis concludes with outcomes of the user testing and corresponding design recommendations. Furthermore, it proposes recommendations for further development of navigations system for handicapped users.</td>]
[<td>At the beginning of this master's thesis, the importance of a good relationship between the industry and the universities is explained. A several types of cooperation between the universities and the industrial institutions are pointed out. Next chapters describe the functions of a portal called Spolupráce s prùmyslem. A possible extensions of this portal are suggested, which should strengthen the relationship between industry and  the faculty.

An important part of the portal description is an overview of the technical implementation, i.e. the most important frameworks with usage examples. The proposed extension of the portal is implemented as new features in the back-end of the application and a new project with user interface is created. This extension uses data from the portal pilot run and the faculty datawarehouse. The development process consists of wireframes creation, implementation and user interface testing, respectively.

This thesis describes how to achieve the continuous integration using the faculty infrastructure.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents the creation of a web application for a responsive photographic blog. The aim of the thesis has been to assess the request of the client, and to design and implement the photoblog in line with his specific requirements. The application has been implemented with one of the available open-source content management systems which was chosen following a thorough analysis of their suitability for the photoblog.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis contains an analysis of the present-day situation in the field of applications supporting the management of a shared home. New solution for this kind of application was designed based on the analysis. This solution was implemented as a Web service and a client website.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to extend the functionality of an existing web based adaptive educational application. Adaptive System Framewok (ASF) was integrated into the application and Hibernate framework was replaced by a JPA implementation for RDF databases. New reusable UI components based on PrimeFaces framework were implemented and adaptive behavior of the system was extended. A new RESTful service implementation allows for user model data to be shared between the application and other adaptive systems.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the analysis, design and implementation of
a news recommender application based on named entities recognition. In
this work is proposed a method for characterization of relatedness of two
articles utilizing information about named entities retrieved from the DBpedia
knowledge base.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creating feasibility study, finance and technical analysis and design of information system, which could refine the process of creating statements verifying network existence in telecommunication company.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with solving of the current state of the Specialized Information System for Registration of Patients Participating in Epileptosurgical Programme.
At first, the current state is analyzed and the ways of solving are specified.
Following this analysis it is decided to continue working on the GENEPI system.
The realization part is solving its optimization and implementation of new functionalities of the system.
Furthemore, the migration of data from the existing system is designed.
The result of the realization part is the system prepared for the deployment into the production environment.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with writing a case study of creation of the modern trading system in order to evaluate meaningfulness of system acquisition for the customer and to make a business offer if the acquisition is evaluated as meaningful.
The goal was reached by performing analyzes of the modern trading system and the customer which were compared by business goals and the result answered a question whether the creation of the modern trading system is meaningful and if so a business offer, which is based on information known from requirements analysis and SW architecture, was made.
Using this procedure it is possible to decide whether the customer can reach his business goals using the system and minimize the risk of unreal terms and small budget. Long-term cooperation with satisfied customer can be established if terms and budget are set correctly.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with electronic control systems for smart buildings and focuses on stability and security risks of their functionality and behavior. The thesis is divided into four main parts. 
The first part examines available electronic control systems in terms of stability and security risks. 
The second part contains proposals for possible solutions and improvements based on the identified risks, and also discusses the possible use of heuristic behaviour in critical situations. 
The third part documents design and implementation of proposed solutions in the SmartBuildings system (being developed at FIT CTU). 
The last part of this thesis describes testing and evaluation of implemented solutions. </td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with integration between MetaTrader 4 and MATLAB.
It also includes implementation by using dynamic linked libraries.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to design and realise a platform independent open-source project, used for accessibility monitoring of server and domain related services. The main aim is a functional prototype, which offers a facilitation of future development and allows an addition of further testing and notification functions. The final prototype is made available to the developer community on GitHub.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to implement a library for creating web
applications capable of rendering 3D graphics. The library will make use of
WebGL and will be able to render static and animated models using custom
shaders. A program designed to prepare graphic assets to be used in the library
will also be part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This master's thesis is focused on the analysis and implementation of a geolocation game Into the Towers, which is based on a graphics design realised as a bachelor's thesis at UJEP in Usti nad Labem. The first part of this thesis concentrates on research of tools (platform, including platform limitations and libraries) suitable for development of a geolocation based game for the OS Android. Results of this research have been incorporated into the final design.
Second part of this thesis concentrates on the implementation process. That includes the process of creating different versions of prototypes, which were used to fine tune the details of the application. And last but not least the implementation itself. The main focus of the last part of this thesis is on thorough user testing of the final product, results of which have been utilised in the application as described in this thesis. The result of this thesis is a fully functional application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis introduces the topic of fraud behaviour on social networks. Focus of this paper is primary on Facebook social network and contest applications running on Facebook platform. The thesis is divided into three parts. The first part describes social networks, history of their development and possibilities of the companies to communicate with their fans through the platform. The second part describes in detail managing constests and fraud behaviour. The last part focuses on prototyping concept of system, which eliminates fraud behaviour. Reading this thesis should help business owners to understand the topic better and get an idea of how to manage a fraud behaviour. It should be also useful for choosing suitable strategies for different cases and successfully facing problems. This shall be done thanks to prototype of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the development of the application for the Android OS. The primary aim of the thesis is to create a mobile application for winter sports enthusiasts. It provides information about European ski resorts. The main goal is to help a user to choose the most suitable ski resort. Also the application features first-hand ski reports from other users. Significant emphasis was put on user-friendliness. The thesis describes analysis and specification of requirements, implementation and testing the application. The result is a working application that is prepared for distribution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis discusses the design of a new web architecture of site bible21.cz
based on an analysis conducted by Optimal Marketing s.r.o. and a keyword
research. The new architecture takes into account target groups of visitors
and removes user interface errors. The new bible12.cz website is going to be
powered by an open source content management system. Therefore, a research
of three most popular open source CMS was conducted. That includes WordPress,
Joomla! and Drupal. Based on this research, WordPress was chosen
to manage bible21.cz. Part of tasks resulting from the analysis and design was
also implemented, mainly the import from backup of nbk.cz. Website nbk.cz
is powered by an unknown content management system without publicly available
documentation. Moreover, it was damaged during an attack by hackers
and since then it has been broken.</td>]
[<td>This work addresses comparison of technologies used to build applications with service oriented architecture. Particularly it focuses on RESTful, SOAP and Thrift. It discuss the technologies in general, concrete test are implemented on Java platform. Pivotal part of the work is the results of the tests itself which gives the reader compact view of which technologies satisfies which needs the best.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is the creation of a framework which allows automatic evolution of the data model and corresponding database (db schemas and data) for application development.  
The scope of work is to analyze the existing ORM frameworks in terms of their applicability at transformation of the data model (on typical example), design a new framework that addresses the disadvantages of migration data area. The paper describes the implementation of a framework for domain model evolution on .Net platform, based on ORM solution Entity Framework. Framework is integrated to the Microsoft Visual Studio.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creation of network simulator. Simulator is targeted on
students of gymnasiums. Simulated protocols and network devices are simplified
with regard to target group. This thesis describes analysis, design and
implementation of simulator.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dedicated to the proposal of the architecture of an intelligent
power socket and a configuration device. A part of the paper is about a description
of a protocol the devices will use for communication. The proposal deals
with operating of devices plugged into the intelligent power socket, managing
users of the intelligent power socket, managing module of the intelligent power
socket, managing applications of the configuration device and extensibility of
both devices. The conclusion of this paper is about testing this proposal and
constructing of a prototype which demonstrates the architecture.</td>]
[<td>Understanding the legacy of a code in a software ecosystem is critical for the organization that is the owner of the ecosystem as well as for individual developers that work on particular systems in the ecosystem. Description of the inter-project dependencies in software ecosystem is rarely used or it is not updated by anyone during software evolution process. Understanding the important role of dependencies allow us to be able to understand the histories of any project, therefore we need a tool which gives us a better result of projects dependencies, version dependencies and how dependencies are evolve in time. The aim of the thesis is to implement a prototype of a tool to explore the data, to study java open source projects and explore their dependencies in the ecosystem and their various versions</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis discusses the design and implementation of a system for
synchronizing the processes using managing metadata. Based on the analysis
of requirements data structures are designed for storing metadata and API
for their use. In Implementation part is implemented prototype which tests
the applicability of the proposed system using for example ETL tool IBM
InfoSphere DataStage. Result of the implementation is a database MS SQL
Server.</td>]
[<td>This thesis solves the absence of statistical application which would be primarly intended for users without deeper knowledge of statistical methods. Requirments for the new application were created based on the analysis of program GNU PSPP. In terms of these requirments, a new application was designed and implemented. The result of this thesis is an application which solves some identified issues of PSPP.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is the analysis, design and implementation of IT management processes in the academic environment in accordance with IT Infrastructure Library. The thesis defines concepts such as Service Oriented Enterprise, IT Service, IT Service Management and IT Governance. It also deals with the specifics of the academic environment regarding IT Service delivery. In the practical part AS-IS processes are analyzed and TO-BE processes are designed. The necessary organizational changes are proposed as well. An appropriate Service Desk tool is chosen to support these new processes. Thesis also offers proposal of the implementation project, together with the evaluation of costs and benefits. Last chapter of this thesis provides recommendations for further ITIL implementation at selected academic institution.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the analysis, design, implementation and testing of educational web application for the calculation of the cost curve and break-even point. Part of this work is also a summary of theoretical knowledge required to~implement this application. The work also compared existing solutions. The result of this work is created and tested application with a simple user interface, that can calculate the cost curve using three different methods and break-even point from input parameters. It shows results in chart, it can export results to Excel or CSV format and shows steps of caluclation. This application should be useful for students focused on economic.</td>]
[<td>This bachalor's thesis deals with IT infrastructure and cloud computing. Intheoretical part are discussed the descriptions of IT infrastructure and cloud computing. In practical part are analyzed key places inIT infrastructure for use cloud services andthings needed for acase study. The output is a case study for the customer, where the content of the study is to select cloud providers for IT infrastructure.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes design and development of an adaptive system that is able to appropriately choose and combine content-recommendation algorithms. The first part of the thesis studies the theory related to advanced, already existing systems.

Based on the results of this research, suitable learning strategy and particular system requirements were chosen. The second part of this thesis is practical and describes the system design, general interface for communication, used technologies, and programmer's approach used to get the resultant system. Developed parts comprehend: an adaptive system, a set of basic algorithms for content recommendation, RESTful API and a client application that in the end made it possible to perform several experiments with the system. All the application's parts are implemented in Java programming language.</td>]
[<td>Purpose of this thesis is to finish a mobile application CTU Navigator being developed for Windows Phone operating system. This application aims to make life easier for every member of the academia of Czech Technical University. It can navigate users between various CTU buildings and rooms in those buildings as well as show users their timetable, which is synchronized with a web service.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis deals with designing and the implementation of social
network, intended for regions of Czech republic. Through network like this, it is
possible to solve wide range of political or economic questions on regional level.
Acquisition from deployment of this social network is to increase awareness
and interest of citizens in region where they are living.
Objective of bachelor's thesis is by choosing appropriate technology, create
web application, that will contain possibilities of social network, like creation
of virtual identity, uploading and sharing of multimedial content and in addition
it will contain database of czech regions, according to application will
assimilate to user.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with application Static Web Generator For Students Enquiry System On CTU. The aim of the thesis is to design and implement two main tasks. First task is to create new web design of CTU enquiry results. Second task is to design and implement translation mechanism for the web application, which is a part of Generator. The thesis concentrates on good user interface design, created with latest web design tools and technologies.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes and evaluates some of the existing systems for MMORPG
and RPG gaming and development, examines their world structure, analyzes
and rates different approaches and methods for creating game mechanics and
content generation for MMORPG games. It also descripts the creation of an
MMORPG editor prototype application used to procedurally generate maps.
It also consists of an analysis of the suitability of different bounding volumes
for use in MMORPG games.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to analyze, propose and implement prototype of system for interactive visualization of graph data from the industrial automation domain. The thesis includes a survey of existing solutions because final implementation is built on existing tool. Furthermore, the greatest emphasis is placed on designing an appropriate user interface, which is realized as plug-in for application Gephi. Included are also test of designed prototype and description of implementation phase.</td>]
[<td>Analysis was made of the existing facilities of the Faculty of information technology to support projects and project management. Deficiencies were identified within systems. Subsequently, detailed analysis of requirements and systems available to replace existing systems was made. Furthermore, possible solutions were proposed and classified in accordance with the requirements. Finally, unified methodology for project management was designed and applied on chosen solution. Results are a described solution proposed as replacement for current systems and the methodology and its use.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to track effect of modern trends on business informatics management. It is dedicated to one of the present trends in informatics - Mobile Computing. 

Author starts with introducing modern informatics trends and their influence on enterprise and business informatics management. 
The core of the thesis is about Mobile Computing, its connection to other trends and it is definition of knowledge management portal of business management (MBI), influence on business and business informatics management. 

The last part of the thesis tries to evaluate the impact of Mobile Computing on business performance.  Also the concept of evaluation of influences IT metrics on business metrics and it is described functionality of application, which has been created in order to evaluate these influences.
</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to design an information system, which will be used for collection of statistical data in the field of culture. The system will be
used in the organization NIPOS. First part of the thesis presents the organization, second part describes the entire development cycle of the system
through requirements analysis, design, implementation and testing. Thesis also contains description of main used technologies, especially ASP.NET MVC framework.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, design, implementation and testing of program Autoplan, which automatically plans work orders on production lines, according to parameters of these lines and according to parameters of produced pieces. The program Autoplan was created to improve efficiency of production at company Aperam Stainless Services and Solutions Tubes CZ Ltd., where is expected deployment to real production process and future development of this program.</td>]
[<td>The primary aim of this thesis is to formulate a methodology for development and deployment of SaaS applications. The methodology focuses on how to use modern technologies to create a service capable of serving different clients and incorporating third-party PaaS providers to deploy this application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is working on solution of implementation of data warehause and analyzator of UML schemas reprezenting program in SDL</td>]
[<td>This work is mainly dedicated to the recognition of named entities, especially in the Czech environment. The main objective is to introduce the methods of natural language processing, which are used in the information extraction and, on the basis of the knowledge gained from them, to design, implement and test tool that can recognize named entities for Czech texts. Based on suggestion of this application, searches of already existing solutions were carried out, being largely focused on DBPedia Spotlight tool, whose recognition algorithms and learning methods, utilizing knowledge from Wikipedia, form the backbone of the implemented application.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the analysis, design and implementation of an application which serves for teaching of web services and related principles. The application is modular and allows to define variety of scenarios which are then used during courses. Each student has its own unique assignment which leads him to be more self-contained.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of a software application designed for the purposes of a small metal workshop. It describes its entire development beginning with requirements analysis through implementation up to its deployment.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on creating a new version of the existing application for conference management, with the use of technologies introduced in its former versions. That includes an extended categorization and a conference filter based on it, improved archive features and an overview of conference contributions, when introducing many other functions.</td>]
[<td>This thesis's goal is to analyze current trends in touch-based computer interaction and, based on this analysis, to design, develop and implement a touch-optimized GUI toolkit.

The first part analyzes basic principles in human-computer interaction, most notably from the books by Donald A. Norman. Norman's ideals are then enhanced, compared and merged with more touch-specific guidelines from the book Brave NUI World by Daniel Wigdor and Dennis Wixon. The thesis then cross-compares those theoretical principles with actual design guidelines for touch-based platforms (Google Android, Apple iOS and Microsoft Windows Phone). 

Based on this synthesis, the thesis continues with the design of the touch-optimized toolkit. The design part describes the necessary elements in the toolkit. The elements are then developed and reference implemented into mobile web environment. The thesis is concluded with a short user-based testing, which examines the usability of the toolkit's elements in the form of touch heatmaps.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis of the most common customer
requirements at the company which creates web pages. Afterwards new
WCM system is developed. This system is tested by using it as a part of
example web pages.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create restaurant catalogue as website and mobile application with implementation of advanced searching method. The thesis begins with introduction study, followed by analysis, design, implementation and testing of both application. The thesis is concluded by evaluation of whole thesis.</td>]
[<td>Pro vytváøení realistického prostøedí, napøíklad v poèítaèových hrách, se pou¾ívají editory terénu. Vìt¹ina editorù v¹ak u¾ivatele omezuje ve tvorbì topografie terénu. Tato práce se zabývá vytvoøením multiplatformního real-time editoru volumetrického terénu, který tato omezení pøekonává. Výstup z editoru je mo¾né integrovat do projektù tøetích stran pomocí knihovny. Souèástí práce je rozbor pou¾itých technologií a jejich implementace v editoru.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to develop a CRM system on the Google App Engine cloud platform. It acquaints reader to the concept of cloud computing, development platforms and methodologies. Describes the entire development process from introductory study through analysis, design to its implementation, and testing. As a result, there is the functional CRM system and also user's and administrator's guides.</td>]
[<td>Cílem této bakaláøské práce je navrhnout, vytvoøit a otestovat webový por- tál integrující novinky a zajímavosti z oblasti IT. Dal¹í dùle¾itou èástí této práce je projektový plán, který se skládá z èasového harmonogramu, wbs, pøehledu rizik a pøehledu zdrojù.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this master project is analysis, design and implementation of changes of a restaurant support system called CashBob. These changes are about the server architecture and the new intefrace that can be used by all other clients regardless of their implementation platform.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this thesis is to create web application for foster homes, which will support their cooperation and communication. This thesis contains design, analysis and implementation of main application logic and administrator, staff and communication part of the application. These parts contain sharing tips and advices, demands and offers, organising exchange stays, discussion forum, messaging and users management. Application is written in Nette framework in PHP language.</td>]
[<td>The aim of my master thesis was architectural changes of  storage module within the project CashBob in order to allow proper function of stock and also focused on user right management within whole system. In my thesis I address the communication layer client module, created a universal REST client that communicates with the server via the HTTPS protocol. I also focused on static code analysis and modification of all source files based on the results of this analysis. </td>]
[<td>In this thesis, a framework for algorithms visualizations is analyzed and extended. Next, the most important graph algorithms are compared, described and also programmed in the implementation part of the thesis, so that the final application can be used for Graph algorithms teaching improvement.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to analyse, design, implement and test modul of customer relationship management system Request centrum. Main purpose is to secure the communication between customers and company through secured protocol. This protocol will also manage the synchronization of internal database and the CRM database.</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis deals with algorithms for generating graphic data from examples. One of these algorithms is described in detail. A part of this work is its open-source implementation and testing on differend kinds of example data sets.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement a survey system for evaluation of the education process on primary and high schools. Main purpose of the system will be advanced survey management and providing the environment for teachers evaluation. Other supporting activities like managing essential data and providing anonymity, will be carried out too.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on mobile games development and it briefly describes the history and actual situation in the industry. It contains a comparison of different platforms for mobile game development with their pros and cons. It focuses especially on the Android platform as the game was developed for this platform. The product of this thesis was a multitask game (a game when a player has to control 4 minigames at once). There is a possibility to add minigames to the game later. The thesis contains everything from the design of the game, choosing the right tools, issues which came by, the realization of the game, as well as the final testing.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with shopping lists. In the first part of the thesis several already copmleted applications are described. Then web application is designed and implemented on the informations mentioned above. Application design is focused on user interface. Afterwards the application is tested by users.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about an analysis and implementation of a new training plan
organizer for CrossFit athletes. The goal of this work is to create a functional
application in which it is possible to generate trainings and to synchronize
training plans. This is achieved by java frameworks, especially Spring
MVC, Hibernate and RESTEasy. The synchronization of training plans is
accomplished by graph theory and Dijkstra’s algorithm. The last part is
an analysis and comparison of web testing frameworks.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with a design of a graphical user interface (GUI) for a software tool for heating plant optimization. Different implementation platforms are analyzed and compared in this thesis. The best suitable platform is then chosen for the future GUI realization. Main advantages and disadvantages of current solution are compared with the future implementation. Furthermore a new GUI was designed using modern design methodologies. In the practical part of the thesis is described future GUI implementation on chosen platform, user testing and comparison with the current solution.</td>]
[<td>Theoretical part of the work is focused on possibilities for load balancing of web application. In practical part theoretical analysis is applied on real used application for rally results presentation. Next part of the work is about increasing application performance and API implementation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with Business Process Modeling and Simulation - the two most important parts in the Business Process Management lifecycle (BPM). \hspace{0.2cm} Currently, the BPM is a popular management-oriented concept focusing on analyzing an organization as a set of business processes. The number of available process modeling methods and methodologies is very large and the right choice is a crucial prerequisite to success of projects.
In this thesis, the focus is on BORM (Business Object Relationship Modelling), BPMN (Business Process Model and Notation) and DEMO (Design and Engineering Methodology for Organizations). Their advantages and strengths are analyzed and a recommendation of applicability of each is proposed in relation to identified purposes and usage of process modeling. Furthermore, they are assessed in how they support simulation, which plays an important role in the BPM projects, since it allows to conduct a performance analysis and to visualize the process flow and thus helps validate the process. The methodologies are very different, yet they should not be regarded as competitive approaches – on the contrary, in some ways, they may complement each other.
The DEMO methodology does not support simulation, which is considered as its drawback. Therefore, a part of this thesis is dedicated to developing a method of translating the DEMO model into a Petri net simu-lation model, the latter one having proved to be suitable for simulating workflows. The basis of the method contains an analysis of information needed to build a Petri net model. The method itself constitutes a set of modeling constructs. The created Petri net model can be applied to visualizing the process flow as well as to the performance analysis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work deals with the creation of ERP management system for small business, which is primarily responsible for accounting, client ma-nagement and project management. The work consists of three parts. In the first part of the analysis, which provides an overview of similar solutions, including their advantages and disadvantages. The second part deals with the analysis and design of custom applications. The third part describes the implementation of the application and its subsequent testing, especially testing in practice on real data and users. The conclusion is its assessment and its main benefits.</td>]
[<td>Research aim was to discover needs of independent travelers, i.e. those who arrange everything necessary themselves, without help of travel agency. It was found out most users are seeking for a tour and transportation guide and computer-based itinerary maker. In order to have a tour guide ahead of the others, a tree structure was used for its geographical subdivisions. Tourist destinations were divided into categories to maintain clear layout and make translating easy. Each category was equipped with own behavior.</td>]
[<td>The primary purpose of this study was to analyze the requirements, design
and implement web-based information system, which should be focused
on accounting of electrical installation material for printed circuit boards.
The result of this study is functional and stable IS that can be used for
supporting the production and installation of PCB.</td>]
[<td>The goal of my bachelor thesis is to research WebSocket protocol and to
dene one of the available implementations of this protocol on the server
side and on the client side. Based on the WebSocket protocol, create client-server architecture for two players game. The architecture must support amount of simultaneously connected users.</td>]
[<td>This thesis elaborates on game development for mobile devices, especially those running Android OS. It introduces to some of the world best known methodics for game design and game design evaluation, which are also used in analysis of several successful mobile games. The work also describes creation of a new game for mobile devices, including the initial concept, implementation, testing and distribution.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis addresses design and implementation of application for visualising sent and received data for each connection users MS VPN Server. Primary goal of aplication is support of VPN server administration.</td>]
[<td>On the market there are many systems with lots of features. The truth is that they often remain unused.The reason may be that such a system is not out of the box ready to use and should be configured according to the needs of the organization.

The aim and motivation of this thesis is to propose the use of Alfresco
in such a way as to be useful and beneficial.

Keywords: Alfresco, DMS, ECM, directory structure, roles, access rights, Activiti, workflow</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis deals with designing and implementation of an application, which will create a Flash building game based on user input. Application is written in AS3 language. User input is entered in form of pictures and XML file prepared in accordance with set rules.</td>]
[<td>The primary focus of this research is the improvement of content-based image searching. The following work discusses the structure of SURF descriptors, and how to index them using metric access methods. One of these methods, LAESA, is implemented with combination of SURF descriptors, and is then compared to sequence scan image searching. The results of this research demonstrate how to successfully edit SURF descriptors so they can be used in metric access methods.</td>]
[<td>This thesis analyzes possibilities of implementing Big Data analytics solution on unstructured data with a goal to better understand customer, his needs and wishes, especially with a focus to organization's products and services. This is called Customer Intelligence. Thesis firstly analyzes the current situation around Big Data analytics and then types of information from/about customers, which are currently available in both public and internal information sources. Thesis further identifies their possible added value, important characteristics and structure, same as the methods of gathering (mining) them. The analytical part of this thesis deals with the legal and moral aspect of Big Data analytics within the Czech republic. The practical part of the thesis proposes a design of the Big Data analytics concept built around IBM Content Analytics tool including the design of the components, which had to be developed for this particular solution. The proposed solution is then implemented. Benefits of the Big Data analytics are then demonstrated using the solution on data gathered from public and internal sources to discover customer churn, complains, topics of interest and more.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the design of an information system for the Prague
Chamber Guitar Orchestra. Its aim is to design the best possible seating
plan, which is devised by the heuristic of simulated annealing. It is implemented
by Java-based framework Java Server Faces, whose selection is the
subject of the thesis as well.</td>]
[<td>The application Dragon is the first version of a program designed for children with specific learning disabilities. This thesis consists of analysis, design and implementation of graphical oriented exercises practising perception.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is dealing with derivatives trading risk management problem of calculating initial margin requirement for working positions. The aim of this thesis is to design and implement library for calculation initial margin requirement calculation using GPU. Calculation of initial margin requirement is important part of derivatives trading risk management as it influences trader`s trading power. New possibilities of calculating initial margin are stated in thesis and implemented in library. Implementation of all algorithms mentioned has been optimized for the best calculation time. Two different approaches to the problem (implementation on CPU and GPU) are compared. Library is used as a part of risk management solution of FFastFill company and has improved accuracy of initial margin requirement calculation significantly.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this diploma thesis is to introduce to the reader the area of Business Intelligence. Moreover, this paper analyzes the possibilities of using Business Intelligence systems  in academic environmnet and reviews the current Business Intelligence platforms on the market. The practical part desribes in detail on  particular real situation a deployment of Business Intelligence platform in the academic environmnet and makes conclusions. </td>]
[<td>Thesis focuses on design and implementation of generational garbage collector for multithreaded virtual machine. At first thesis describes existing algorithms, then it analyzes base algorithm for designed collector. In the next is actual design and implementation. Thesis is ended with performance measuring and collector evaluation.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is discussing analysis, design and implementation of server–side application with RESTful API for providing access to calendar timetables, exceptions and room reservations. The key part of this system is automated scheduling of regular timetables to calendar–based timetables.</td>]
[<td>You suggest a semantic web service using freely available APIs and data sour- ces. The data will be displayed to online map and use some other filters. You should realize background information of offers contained in the map using natural language processing of available data. This data should be arranged to users of web application and use some semantic elements. You design inter- face allows registered users to set user preferences. Use the login and publish elements of social networks in the final application.</td>]
[<td>In this thesis, five advanced heap structured are being analyzed - Binomial heap, Fibonacci heap, Leftist heap, Skew heap and Min-max heap. The analysis is targeted mainly at the time complexity of the supported operations - amortised analysis is employed in several cases. The heaps are then implemented in the provided visualisation framework.</td>]
[<td>The first part of the thesis consists of introduction of the regression analysis,
least trimmed squares method and its pitfalls from the software development
standpoint. The thessis introduces a BSA algorithms developed by
K. Klouda and compare it to known algorithms. In the rest of the work,
the design, implementation and deployment of the c++ library implementing
the BSA algorithm and web application for easy experimenting and
comparison is discussed.</td>]
[<td>In the first chapter you can find a brief introduction to the Project Management including the Case Study showing some problems when the Project Management is not done right. We are going to define the Project Management using the Project Management methodologies, primarily the PMBOK and Prince2. Using them we will describe the process-oriented approach, but to leverage more from the knowledge workers, we will present a knowledge worker oriented approach in the second part of the thesis. Using this approach we will design the Project Management System and its architecture from both views, general and solution specic. With architecture designed, we will be able to create a prototype based on the previous information and a benefit analysis to show the capabilities of the system. At the end we will make a conclusion and recommend further research and development.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to design and implement a generator of a configuration file for the JaSCUT tool in order to simplify source code migration to a newer version of an API. The generator analyses source code of a library, finds replacements for deprecated API elements using different heuristics, and provides a list of pregenerated refactoring rules. The user of the generator can update the list of rules as well as define new rules based on the knowledge of the API. Once the list of rules gets reviewed by the user, the generator creates a configuration file for the JaSCUT tool.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis is about developing of mobile application for web portal www.nume.cz. Portal specializes in the auction of antique coins and legal tenders. Goal is extend it to the mobile devices running the Android operating system.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the visualization of neural networks. The goal is to create a cross-platform tool for displaying the topology of neural network and its output in a 2D chart.
The first part analyzes the problems of representation and computation of neural networks. Another part deals with an appropriate choice of technologies and their subsequent utilization in the design. The last section addresses the actual deployment and testing.</td>]
[<td>The thesis objective is to design and develop a mobile application for displaying 2D data from the WebCAD project. Theoretical part of thesis covers the creation of application wireframes for Android and iOS operating systems and analyses the features of existing iOS graphical frameworks to select the most suitable one for further implementation. An outcome of the following in–depth SWOT analysis summarizes both advantages and disadvantages of mobile and web interfaces of WebCAD project. Finally, the implementation part describes the process of implementation of iOS–based mobile application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis covers access control topic for SWINPRO system applications.
After brief introduction to Shibboleth authentication mechanism, the reader is introduced with various mothods of Shibboleth integration into the SWINPRO system. The following chapter of thesis covers methods for introducing the client certificate authentication mechanism into SWINPRO
system applications. In the last chapter, the thesis deals with design and implementation of general-purpose authentication mechanism based on XACML standard.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to analyze the possibilites of loading and saving specific CAD formats and to design, make and implement a server's backend in an applicable Java framework for the WebCAD application.</td>]
[<td>The framework for stepping through algorithms along with visualization is described in this thesis. The visualizations for speciﬁc algorithms from graphs and sorting theory are created at the end, which are used to test the framework.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes design and implementation of scoring system for puzzle game. Application is programmed in Java language using graphical library SWT. It uses SQLite database to storing data. System recieves data during the game and can evaluate and show current results of the game on demand. Complete results can be exported in machine-readable format. The whole system thus saves and accelerates the work of the organizers.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with the creation of CAD application, which is capable of running in web browser and is based on HTML5. The aim of the application is to provide basis CAD functions and shapes. Application shall be implemented in Google Web Toolkit framework and undergo performance tests.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis tackles a design and implementation of PHP web application using framework Symfony 2 for administration and venture planning of a Scout unit. Therefore the applictaion provides the members of the unit with and easy an elegant solution to organize its main events as well as a simple way to communicate during the planning process. Apart from this, the application creates an informative fundation for a web presentation of the unit. The application includes features allowing members to log-in via information system SkautIS and import raw data from the system.</td>]
[<td>The Bachelor's Thesis deals with the problematic of data subsetting and anonymization. The theoretical part is focused on detail explanation of these terms and reasons for their usage. The thesis shows possible complications in case of inaccurate process. The second part is focused on existing solutions and comparison of their functionality. The last part introduce the developed WinchAddin tool and describes new implemented functionality for the purpose of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to develop an information system to support business processes of the purchasing department of Magna Exteriors &amp; Interiors Bohemia s.r.o. The thesis introduces the company and its processes as well as principles of web applications development and used technologies. It describes the entire development process from introductory studies and analysis, through design and implementation using ASP.NET MVC framework, to testing and evaluation. The result is a functional application used by employees.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this diploma thesis was design, implementation and test
of an application for automatization of controlling user profiles on facebook social network. An experiment specialized on adding new friends on
facebook was realized after design and implementation. Facebook accounts
were created only for this experiment and controlled by application for one
month. All collected data were analyzed and compared after finishing this
experiment.</td>]
[<td>Objective of this paper is design and implementation of the set of components for platform Microsoft .Net for communication with control system Beckhoff CX1100.</td>]
[<td>The objective of the CTU Navigator project is to make the orientation of students and teachers at the CTU in Prague easier. Among other things, it allows users to search classrooms via mobile phone applications. The aim of this thesis is to include the message board in the system. This message board should allow teachers and students to post there the information for the others. The thesis deals mainly with the proposal to extend the communication interface between client applications and the server.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with web analytics. It describes functionality and implementation of the Google Analytics tracking code including a new version - Universal Analytics. It proposes a generic interface for GAIN, general tool for analytics. It creates an automatic detection of the presence of the tracking code and its subsequent modification.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis is one of four publications that comprise the project Theatre13—an information system for browsing theatre programmes and booking and purchasing theatre tickets. The thesis documents the design and implementation process of creating a mobile application prototype for the iOS operating system. This application collects data from a web API and provides several ways to find a theatre show and book tickets to the show. The user can choose which seats to book in an interactive view of the auditorium.</td>]
[<td>Introduction to Customer relationship management. Explanation of CRM as a management concept for company, that wants to build its business strategy on long-term positiv relationships with their clients. Thesis provides a closer look of the issues hidden under the term CRM. It uses the model from Gartner, Inc. characterizes CRM as a group of eight building blocks. The role of ICT in company significantly affects the possibility of CRM. For this reason is part of the thesis about the management of the enterprise informatics and partnership of Business with the IT department.  Finally the work presents two case studies of the concept of CRM in companies beloging to the group called IT-driven companies. Both studies are also compared.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on analyzing the use of CRM system in an academic environment. The theoretical part describes the strategy CRM and systems solutions. The work includes a comparison of several available on the Czech market CRM systems and case study with the evaluation of the benefits that can be applied to decide on the deployment of CRM.</td>]
[<td>This research project tracks the process by which an application for website analysis was designed. It deals with the design and implementation and also introduces the technologies used to build this application, namely: Node.js, AngularJS and NoSQL. The project also includes background research of some existing tools.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with employing a Swarm Intelligence algorithm to solve
the Graph Coloring Problem. First, a suitable algorithm is selected, settling on the Gravitational Swarm for Graph Coloring. An implementation of this algorithm is then constructed and accompanying instructive visualization is devised. Finally, performance of this algorithm is benchmarked against a number of well-known Graph Coloring Problem solving techniques.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the creation of a groupware. The theoretical part consists of an analysis of already existing collaborative systems such as Teambox, Basecamp and Trac. Gained knowledge is used in the practical part which focuses on the development of a similar groupware using czech Nette framework. The system offers a management of user roles, user division according to their roles, internal communication within projects and forming invoices. Testing of the developed groupware has been carried out in the conclusion part of the work.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis deals with creation of web application for sporting department
of Czech television. Thesis consists of database engineering, efficient
queries on MySQL database and tools for web development. Advantages
and disadvantages of application are summarized in conclusion.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the user interface for constructing queries in the semantic web domain, specifically for comfortable and effective creation of SPARQL queries. The work summarizes current existing solutions and proposes new user interface. This interface is then implemented as a web application and its usability is tested as well.</td>]
[<td>This work describes the methodology of Corporate Performance Management, its components, origin and tools. Compares its relations to the methodology of Business Intelligence. Presents existing solutions of Corporate Performance Management issues on the market. It also explores the possibility of using the tools of Corporate performance management in academic enviroment, specifically on public universities. Followed by analysis of the financing of public universities. Finally, this work contains model for deployment Corporate Performance Management solution.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis is dedicated to charging for use of internal's IT services by  business units and the goal is to describe and introduce this topic to the reader and help him decide about implementation this mechanism or improve already implemented solution. This thesis is focused mainly on operational aspects and less on financial aspects, which, including scope, makes this thesis unique on the Czech or even international scale.

The thesis is divided into two parts. The first part is analytical and the goal is to define assumptions for creation and further advancement of charging mechanisms for IT services in a company, to describe this issue in contrast with international standards and frameworks and to compare various methods of dividing IT costs and charging for them. I should analyze available literature and methods focused on this topic to fulfill the goal in the first part of this thesis. 

The second part is focused more practically. My goal is to conduct survey on this topic in Czech environment and companies. Then, as last chapter,  I will create exemplary solution of charging for IT services and its principles. I should conduct survey among IT managers of Czech organisations and mainly use knowledge from previous chapters and my personal experiences from various projects to fulfill the goal in the second part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>This thesis in the first part analyzes the current state of the project BestPartyToday database that contains tens of millions of relational linked records. The analysis evaluates the optimal alternative database storage, which will be implemented. Above the selected storage will be evaluated effectiveness for the future of the project.</td>]
[<td>The content of this bachelor‘s thesis is the analysis of possibilities using social networks in the area of HR agencies. The thesis is divided into theoretical and practical part. The theoretical part describes the current methods of recruitment agencies in searching human resources. Then there is comparison of the most popular contemporary social networks in the world and methods for their commercial utilization. The output of the theoretical chapter is debate over replacement of outdated methods of HR agencies possibilities by modern social networks. The practical part deals with methods of data collection from these networks. The output of the second part is design of information system. At the end of the thesis there is debate about chosen way and other possible solutions.</td>]
[<td>The primary aim of this thesis is to develop a 3D game engine using Stage3D for the Flash platform. The engine is implemented in ActionScript~3.0 programming language and is focused on the web browsers. The thesis describes the process of analysis, design, implementation and testing of the engine and its functionality is demonstrated on the demo application. The result of this thesis is a functional 3D engine that can support nice looking browser games.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about barecode reading with OS Android powered devices. Existing solutions was compared and slowest part of it was identified. Optimalizations results are checked on application prototype.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes analysis, design, and implemetation of infromation system for tutoring agency ACZ. System is implemented as a web application. It facilitates recording and administration of clients, courses and other data required for agency administration. Its main function is schedule creation and document generation in pdf and xls format. It is implemented in PHP framework Symfony2 and uses libraries based on jQuery for scripting on client side of application. System uses MySQL database for persisting data, accompanied by object-relation mapping system Doctrine2.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to analyze user interface of web application Pøijímací øízení ÈVUT (application managing the process of student admissions), afterwards according to the results, design and implement flexible improvements of current solution. The analysis targets the role of study student affairs council.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor thesis is analyzing possibilities of sport radars and how to use them in television broadcasts. Implemented application is used for saving measured data from radars and to export them to selected output formats. Main output format is using videocard, which is generating videosignal.</td>]
[<td>Studying is considered by many to be a boring activity that nobody wants to undertake. However, knowledge gained from it is among the most important factors during the process of forming one's personality. Currently available learning tools do not solve problems with the user's motivation in mind. Also, they shift the attention of the user away from studying. This thesis focuses on creating a new learning tool based on Gamification as a way of motivating people using the Windows Phone platform. The thesis describes the development life-cycle of this mobile application. The text includes: analysis, design and documentation phases of development of a web service. This service allows the synchronization of user accounts with other mobile platforms. During development, the author uses agile development methodology in order to react to the stakeholder's requirement in a more flexible way.</td>]
[<td>This work aims at creating tool to generate mathematical tasks particularly for the subject of linear algebra. The first part deals with the analysis and selecting the types examples for automatic generation.The second part is about design and description algorithms for creating each type of matematical tasks. The last part concerns the implementation and realisation.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes continuing the development of an information system for car-sharing companies that is being gradually developed by students of the CTU. The focus is on moving the project, which is based on the Django framework, towards current industry standards and best practices, in order to help new developers get started quicker and to increase the overall speed and efficiency of development and maintenance. The primary contribution to the project's features is a new system for communication with car units and managing the collected geographic data.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the creation of a new web portal for the Research Centre for Industrial Heritage CTU and the subsequent transfer of data from the source database to the database of new web portal.</td>]
[<td>This thesis investigates the description and design of server applications that form the basis for the conference system VoxPort. The first application is a server that translates protocols used in IP telephony (SIP/RTP) into a protocol designed for the web environment (RTMP). The second application is designed for processing the input video data and creating the impression of a virtual rooms. Server applications can be controlled using XML-RPC.

The design of the server applications is focused on performance and data processing in real-time. C++ programming language has been used for the implementation. Applications are modular in design and therefore, more usable in other projects. This paper also includes the design of the infrastructure where the project is deployed. This infrastructure was also used to perform the stress test using the simulated workload. An installation guide is also included in the attachments.</td>]
[<td>The topic of this thesis is design and implementation of a server software, that can abstract an object store, create a virtual file system able of caching stored data on top of it and present its functionality using REST web service with strong security in mind. The software is using Amazon S3 object store. Initially, the need and requirements for such a software are laid out. Next, current solutions are examined and the reason for clean-slate implementation is discussed. The architecture of proposed system follows, with tools selection explained. Based on the design, the system is fully implemented with emphasis on modular design, capable of feature growth over time. The thesis concludes with discussion on software performance, possible scalability, real-world usage and authors own views on the result.</td>]
[<td>Explore the possibilities of motion control gestures in applications which is based on Microsoft Kinect technology. Suggest such gestures which will replace the most commonly used tasks when working with applications using the keyboard or mouse and test their usability. Implement a programming interface that is designed to use gestures in combination with voice commands. Furthermore create an application that will use the programming interface and customized user interface.</td>]
[<td>This work examines possible ways of configuring access control lists for educational application EDUX. It analyzes the work of Bc. Lubomír Jiøi¹ta focused on the same topic and tries to find its drawbacks and improvement possibilities. The aim is to create user friendly plugin meeting all the functional requirements, which is ready for installation.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor work is about translation from DOT language to LaTeX framework GasTeX for finite-state machines. Important parts of this solution is also elaborate of DOT language functionality. The result gains the benefit of final subsequently code written in LaTeX. We obtain the advantage of LaTeXin text notation from styling to notation of mathematical formula and special chars.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about development of a mobile application which allows user to communicate with Redmine - a web-based project management system. The application is developed for Android OS using Java programming language. The application can also work off-line and all changes are synchronized with Redmine as soon as the mobile device is on-line again.</td>]
[<td>Logical circuits are the main building blocks of all computers and electronics in general. The quality of their design therefore directly affects the quality of the information system as a whole.

Conventional design of logical circuits is based on available knowledge and/or creating a complex logic function out of already existing parts. It is for this reason that this design is limited only to circuits intuitive enough to be designed by a human, which may not always be optimal. As a result, this problem creates the issue of automatization of logic circuits' design in order to avoid these limitations and conventional practices.

Cartesian Genetic Programming serves this purpose. This thesis examines its principles, possibilities, limitations, configuration and its influence on the algorithm's efficiency.</td>]
[<td>Reputation systems become more and more important in the Internet communities because they are able to estimate trust and distrust among unknown users. An example of a widespread on-line system where reputation could be used is an information system which allows users to rate each other and express their experiences and opinions on some products or services. This thesis is focused on these information systems and personalized reputation, that means the reputation from a single user's perspective. The reputation can be used for example to find out appropriate business partners or proper information about certain products. This thesis includes implementation of personalized reputation system with the use of a standard heuristic method, an artificial neural network and a random forest. A real world dataset was used to compare the accuracy of implemented methods.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis covers UI design life cycle of interface for accessing educational resources as a part of university information system. Design is based on previous research of existing solution used by Czech universities. Materials for usability testing with users are also included to be able to repeat test in the future. Thesis offers starting point for real implementation.</td>]
[<td>Game developers, who want to target mobile devices, have to often develop a special version of their game for each major platform. This thesis looks into Adobe AIR as a solution to multiplatform developement that can deploy to web, Android and iOS with a single code base. A 2D arcade game is designed to showcase important features. It is implemented using the Starling framework, tested and deployed to target platforms. Multiplatform development is found as a good solution for games.</td>]
[<td>	Nowdays the Internet is not only a~collection of pages referring to each other, but there are web applications which are loaded by a~browser and which interact with a~user without redirecting. These applications require additional technologies for sending and receiving data from web server. Unfortunately, HTTP protocol used on the Internet does not support duplex communication.

	A new protocol was created, WS, which is not used for transmission of a~web content, but for communication between web page and web server on background without an user notice. There are some techniques eliminating these deficiencies also.

	The bachelor’s project deals with these technologies and their comparison. Moreover, some techniques are implemented based on the research. The result of this work is the program, Exconn server, which works both on client side with a~web page and server side with a~web server. This technlogy enables duplex communication between these sides and providing simple API for web applications.

	A simple web application is also part of the project demonstrating the analysed technologies and showing benefits of duplex communication on the web.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor’s thesis is concerned with usage of CSS frameworks and preprocessors on production of web interface. It introduces how to work a graphical enviroment of web site with useful tools and offers a comparison of them in terms of usability. The work describes an origin of a component in frameworks in the basis of retrieved knowledges. In the last part it presents the integration of preprocessors into existing Content Management System.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with complex annotation driven presentation of entities on Java EE platform. The result is a framework which provides these annotations and other interfaces for their processing.</td>]
[<td>Primary aim of this thesis is to analyse Conditions for admission and Dean’s directive for admission process to master’s study programme at CTU FIT.
Implement RESTful API, which exposes backend functionality for admission processing using Business Process Management.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with a design and an implementation of application logic with a web interface of a teleconferencing system which is intended for a communication between members of distributed teams. The solution is built on JAVA platform and is a part of VoxPort project which was started in 2008 as a cooperation between CTU and IpTEL. The thesis describes the architecture of the whole application, middleware, design, implementation and testing of the mentioned components. The installation guide and the screenshots can be found in the appendix.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with development of a web information system designed for children's home management. Incurred application faciliates more effective management of necessary information and simplyfies processes that are needed for proper running of the children's home. Languages like PHP, MySQL and HTML have been used to implement this system.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to create the business layer for a tool that will be able to compare and synchronize database models. In the first part of this thesis I will discuss the problems of synchronizing documentation with production or the synchronizing of two models. In the next part you will find some examples of the already existing solutions and the comparsion between them. You will also find analysis in this part of the thesis. In the third part, you will find lot of information about design and architecture of this tool and also some information about the interfaces. There is also
class diagram and discussion about how comparing works in this section. In the last section you can find discussion about implementation, testing and conclusion.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with CTU scientific research systems, then it focuses on the system for support of self-organisation and presentation of Faculty's research and project capacities. It contains search of systems for scientific research capacity presentation on other universities and in the next section deals on analysis and design of the system for Faculty of Information Technology.</td>]
[<td>This bachalor’s thesis deals with the very popular theme of IT, cloud computing. The aim is to create “guide” that will help mainly non-technical users to make the decision whether and why it makes sense to use cloud computing to consider. Initial chapters of the thesis is focused on the description of the cloud and its comparison with on-premise mode. The next section describes the “guide” itself and its application to specific cases.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis discusses the design and implementation of an extension for opensource iOS application called Linphone. The goal is to add the possibility of sending instant messages via XMPP protocol. Linphone is a VoIP application built on top of the SIP protocol. In combination with the XMPP protocol we obtain an unique application that will use the two most common protocols of this planet.
The thesis covers all working stages from collection of requirements to final implementation with emphasis on the user interface design.</td>]
[<td>The paper describes primary issues resulting from creation of web portal providing negotiation of contracts for energies – electricity and gas. It also contains used solutions for these problems including usage argumentation due to system requirements. Reader of this paper should be able to find here the description of the most important implementation parts and used testing methods. It informs about the main decisions and offers some advices when creating such system as well.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement a web application
intended for investigation of injuries within occupational safety and
health (OSH). The application allows users injury reporting and then its investigating
by using status and access privileges necessary for the transmission
of tasks to interested parties. Injury records are stored in the data
repository that serves as an archive of documents allowing the gathering
of information about injuries and the progress of investigations. The application
has functions for sorting, searching and displaying all its injury’s
records. Data on the number of reported injuries are summarized in statistics
and are also included in the annual report. Within this work it will
have carried out user and acceptance testing to verify the functionality and
usability of the resulting application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis takes as it's task to use and apply informatics as a
solution to common astronomical problems. The main task is to preprocess,
store and publish astronomical data from a southern sky survey made by
DK-154 telescope in Chile within the part of observing time used by Czech
astronomers in remote observing mode. These data are to be stored and
processed at Ondrejov data center by scientists from Astronomical institute
AVCR in Ondrejov. The practical output of it will be an online catalog of
light curves extracted from these observations. Also, this output is to serve
as an example of the implementation which may help further development
of astronomical standards used in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>The goal is to create an information system for forestry filling, which is re-
quired by law of Czech Republic. The thesis describes the process of creation
of this system from initial analysis, through its implementation to testing.
The result is functional application which in cooperation with frontend,
allows management of forestry filling system.
</td>]
[<td>The thesis is dedicated to the visualization of wireless Internet network
stations on a map background. Within the context of visualization various
map providers are discussed and appropriate manner of network design
is searched. As part of thesis also design and implementation of various
supporting statistics and filters that make managing virtualized network
easier is made.
In addition to visualization, the thesis also deals with the optimization
of end connections. From informations gathered during the development,
several forms optimization criteria are proposed. For each of these criteria
are its properties discussed. The whole procedure was tested on real dataset
using over 4000 end connections and 600 nodal points.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about Cloud technology and CRM systems.
In theoretical part basic principles of cloud technologies and CRM systems are explained. I analyze offer of CRM systems and I try to show what firms have to do, when they want to implement CRM system in their infrastructure.
In the practical part process of implementation of CRM system Microsoft
Dynamics CRM online in the fictical firm is shown, I also uxplain
what benefits will this system bring to the firm. This part</td>]
[<td>„The customer is always right“ – this is the motto of every good businessman.
In order to keep or increase the count of company customers is
taking care of them very important for the businessman. The subject of this
study is the design and the creation of an independent part of a web portal,
which is supposed to support a special microwave antennas, products of
SVM Microwaves s.r.o. Main goals of this part of the information system
are, to provide detail information about the products and to give a control
of the product states to company customers.</td>]
[<td>The goal of the thesis is to provide astronomical community or any other interested person a way to study and analyze the archive of Czech remote observations with the DK154 telescope in Chile. Furthermore this thesis fully explains the process of publishing images to IVOA compatible server, discusses what formats could be used to store the images and introduces different tools for image exploration.</td>]
[<td>The thesis investigates a modern instant messaging communication system in the Liferay portal environment. Such software is currently a widely used form of direct, real-time communication. The given system consists of three plugins. The rst plugin, imported to the Liferay portal, serves as a user interface and a gate to the Openre server. It is divided into the backend and frontend side. The backend side is responsible for the communication with the Openre server and also for the creation of view. The frontend side handles all user actions via the modern, interactive javascript interface and communicates with backend via AJAX calls. The second plugin, imported to the Openre server, creates public chat rooms based on the data from the
KOSapi service. The third plugin, imported to the Openre server, serves as a platform for the social network analysis which will visualize connections between participants and thus show interesting social patterns that can be used for a variety of dierent purposes.
The nal product will be a part of the emerging University Information
System which is currently in the phase of development. It aims to be a
frequently used channel that will connect multiple groups like students, teachers, employees and alumni. It should also be ready for the Liferay marketplace and thus distributed among a large group of Liferay portal
instances.</td>]
[<td>An algorithm can be expressed by a pseudocode or a flowchart. However, these techniques are not very suitable for its demonstration. By contrast, a visualisation can lead to its easier understanding. The goal of the thesis was to create an interactive web application that visualises algorithms on the binary search tree and the binary heap. Although these algorithms have already been visualised, only some solutions are capable of working on different platforms and operating systems. Not only for this reason, within the framework of an analysis, a solution for this application was chosen by means of JavaScript using the graphic library JSGL. This library makes it possible to draw 2D vector graphics independently of the browser. As a result of the testing that was carried out the final application is operational and user-friendly. It clearly animates the implemented algorithms and thus it may be used as educational software for better understanding of the algorithms.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of the thesis is to study factors that influence web applications performance and investigate the effect that cache have on stress characteristics. The thesis further includes implementation of three testing applications in the Java programming language. The applications will be used to perform load tests with their behavior analysis under high-load conditions.</td>]
[<td>The main content of the thesis is design and implementation of the framework that facilitates the creation of the software for similarity search in chemical databases. The thesis contains research of different kinds of similarity searching and touches the field of chemistry. Working with chemical data is discussed in general and many open-source libraries for this purpose are compared. Further chapters describe interfaces of the framework and the REST web service design. Example usage is described as guidance and then the use of the framework is demonstrated by an example client web application.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to explore posibilities of implementing IT/ICT services on cluster build from smartphones.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the development of a system which provides communication with IP intercoms via SIP protocol and viewing image from cameras via RTSP protocol. Since the chosen hardware enviroment is a tablet with Android, so the basic introduction to the development of applications for this platform was included. The phases of development were Analysis, Design and Implementation. The result is a system which consists of two applications and whose functionality exceeds the task.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the design, implementation and testing of the prototype of the mobile navigation for visually impaired people within public transport. The navigation uses distributed architecture of speech applications. The server side offers different functionalities for a thin mobile client with the current location detected by the GPS, and a client without it. Due to the influence of ambient noise levels on the results of speech recognition, the user interface offers two modalities, the speech one and the tactile one, which operate simultaneously. Within the thesis, two prototypes are implemented. The first one is focused on the functionality of the interface and is tested with users by the usability testing method. The second prototype works with real data, which it acquires and combines from various sources on the web. The project includes algorithms for detecting trams departing from the platform at the same moment, or for control of the users’ movement based on their GPS position. The thesis presents a design of a client for smart phones with touch screen, which is designed for users with diagnosed low vision. Thus the design is extended by the high-contrast graphical interface.</td>]
[<td>This thesis first analyzes making breeding records in beekeeping. Finding the problems and try to propose solutions to the use of ICT technology, especially with applications for mobile phones. In the text, you can see the description of user interface, the results of laboratory evaluation and resultset of testing in real conditions. You can also find a description of the implementation of the server part and client for Android operating system. Of course you can also find the full specification of the requirements for this application according to the Scrum methodology.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the development of mobile client for OS Android for </td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design and implementation of system for support of scout's trainee seminars linked to information system skautIS. System is implemented as a web application built on technologies Nette, Doctrine, Twitter Bootstrap, AngularJS and more. The most important functions of the system are user registration via skautIS, CMS and schedule managing of the seminar.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to analyze, design and implement an application for mobile devices running Android, which will be used as a diving logbook. It is an alternative to the classical paper logbook with additional features, which are for example based on integration with the Google Maps API and Dropbox API.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the Artificial Bee Colony algorithm, which is used for continuous optimalization and subsequent intergration into the JCOOL project. Extensive set of experiments of various optimalization methods and functions from the JCOOL library and ensuing comparison with the Artificial Bee Colony algorithm also fors a part of this thesis. The methods and functions have been selected in order to enable the most objective comparison and to provide for result that shows, which types of problems are suitable for the new algorithm.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with modern database systems, with a focus on NoSQL databases. The theoretical part of the work compares the features of relational databases within NoSQL family, categorizes types of NoSQL databases and describes the technology behind them. The practical part deals with the problem of using relational and NoSQL database, thus demonstrating features of each database. From development and functionality of the program work draws conclusions about NoSQL as an alternative to relational databases.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the creation of a special platform for the efficient running of applications, depending on regular activities. The aim is to develop a draft application for mobile devices that delivers innovative enhancements to existing solutions with a focus on limited users (especially for visually impaired) and their repetitive activities.</td>]
[<td>The number of processors and their cores have increased in modern computers in recent years and the trend will continue for some time. Writing programs that fully utilize multi-core hardware is not easy. The concept of virtual machines is very popular, but not all available virtual machines support multi-threaded execution. This thesis discuss problems of multi-threaded virtual machines, threads scheduling, read and write barriers and thread-safe inline caches and shows possible solutions. The implemented virtual machine has single-threaded performance comparable to existing solutions. However it is also able to execute task-based concurrent programs using many parallel threads and it is able to use all available processors to achieve scalability.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this bachelor thesis is to design and develop Windows Phone mobile application for monitoring activity of horses. The aim of this project is to allow the user to record and interact with information about horse riding. The project consists of server and clients for different mobile platforms. The goal of this work is to create a mobile application for Windows Phone. Part of this work is the analysis, design, implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is focused to analysis, design and implementation of the application intended for the student management and the time schedule production.  Additionally, it describes several currently known methods used in the time schedule problem solution.  Results of implemented algorithm and users’ acknowledgments are concluded in the final part of my diploma thesis.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis deals with developing a dialog system capable of chatting with a human. It sets to find out, if it is possible to build a conversational system that is able to engage a user in simple yet lively dialogs based on data collected from online interactions. We establish two hypotheses crucial for our research. They try to assess the influence of advanced dialog techinques on user satisfaction as well as estimate the quality of domain specific data collected by this chatbot. Furthermore, we utilize existing dialog testing methodology and design new tests when needed to evaluate both hypotheses.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with creation of the module for a grid client called GBasf2. The module allows syntactic and semantic user input checking. It also estimates time, memory and output file size for the Basf2 physical simulation framework. Physical simulations are invoked on the Belle II grid, estimated results are also stored to the Belle II grid</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with development of an information system for supporting manufacture from the beginning through individual stages up to the final products and their expedition. The thesis is focused on project manager’s activities from the preparatory to the final stage of the project. It offers readers a view of the methods used in project management and it describes various types of analysis which this project uses and which increase the chance of success.</td>]
[<td>The thesis focuses on mobile application on Android platform.
The application is aimed at providing user help with learning foreign language. The text describes every important part of software development life-cycle. The development was significant for its nature based on initially unclear specification and ambition to keep user motivated for a long period of time. The author solves these problems using software development methodologies based on agile principles and Gamification.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with backend services for mobile developers. It offers an introduction to what are mobile backend services for developers, and then it analyzes what is typical for such services. The first part is a research of existing solutions, showing their strengths and weaknesses, and what users can expect when she decides to use such services. The next part deals with analysis, describing the ways in which the user can design such services, if she decides to do it on her own. The last part deals with an implementation that confirms the credibility of the analysis and prove their functionality. At the very end, the implementation is tested in various ways, which are described and these tests enhance the quality and credibility of the implementation. Plus give readers resources that can be applied in their own implementation and use them for testing.</td>]
[<td>The theoretical part of the thesis is focused on the principles of betting and the way how to convert the betting system from the real world into an online multiplayer game. It introduces the betting principles, the odds creation process and users rating possibilities to the reader. Moreover, it deals with the methods, which can ease the process of odds creation and compares these methods. The newly designed project Tip4Fun is implemented in the practical part. This project gives the participants a possibility to compete in the form of betting and take part in the offer at the same time. The results prediction model is a part of the implementation, based on the results history analysis it can help a bookmaker to set the odds.</td>]
[<td>The main objective of this thesis is to consider cloud computing from the perspective of
computational models and the impact on IT outsourcing. This paper presents the various
concepts of cloud computing and helps their understanding from the historical and logical
point of view. The paper also presents the theoretical views on cloud computing from the
perspective of consulting companies. For completeness this text presents some types of
business applications that pass through adoptions in cloud environment. In the practical
part of this thesis is presented current offer of major vendors in the area of information
systems. The current state of adoption of cloud computing in Czech companies is also
presented. At the end of the thesis, there are presented criterias which can help in strategy
decisions involving cloud computing.</td>]
[<td>Ontologies have become a fully competitive knowledge storing systems.
However, programmatic access to them lacks standardization common to
relational databases. This thesis proposes a software layer capable of unifying access to different ontology storages. In cooperation with persistence provider implementation JOPA, developed at the Czech Technical University in Prague, it should significantly simplify development of applications using ontologies. As a benefit it should provide efficient concurrent access for multiple clients and to multiple ontology storages.</td>]
[<td>The thesis is about process approach to software application developement.
It provides information about technologies and architectures used in BPM
for software system production. It describes modules of SZZ process system.
The thesis contains step-by-step guide to process application developement
in the FIT CVUT environment.</td>]
[<td>CTU Navigator is a project, which aims to create series of applications that will help members of the academic community of CTU in Prague in their everyday life and duties on campus. Navigator will offer its users ability to search and navigate between rooms and other places inside the school campus and also in its neighbourhood. These features will be accompanied by other data from other university systems.

This thesis aims to create part of CTU Navigator server functionality, namely the management system for building plans and its required meta information.</td>]
[<td>This paper’s purpose is design and implementation of a physics engine,
that supports deformable and destructible bodies, while using a very simple
model. Difficult problems, like calculating cracks in the body, or rotation
around multiple axes, is approximated using a large number of simple calculations.
This paper also contains various tests of this model’s behavior.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design, realize and test an application for batch processing for health insurances. The main functionality is to earmark aggregated performances, creation of basis for invoicing to medical facilities, export of data to text files and generation of statistics. The resulting application processes batches from ambulant and laboratory informantion systems.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the process of design and implementation of a web-based vector graphics editor. The editor aims to be easy to integrate with other web applications. The great emphasis is put on the automated testing of the final application. The thesis also covers the languages for web-client vector graphics and explains the necessary mathematical foundations.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the design and implementation of data warehouse for the Faculty of Information Technology, CTU. The work describes all the steps of implementation, like obtaining a data sources, ETL processes, the overall design and the individual parts. Finally are presented reports obtained using the created data warehouse.</td>]
[<td>Dracek (Dragon) is an educational system designed for teaching elementary school students, focused especially on teaching children with learning disabilities. The main goal of this thesis is to design and implement prototype of server application. The server application will provide access to shared data for the other applications, ensure persistence of these data and provide support for the users of the system. The thesis further includes design and implementation of module prototype for students application, that will ensure all the communication with the server.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about development of mobile application for tourist stamps collectors. It contains an application analysis and design and appli-cation prototype. Results prototype was thoroughly tested. Thesis result is application available on Google Play Store.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor’s thesis describes design and implementation of the technical infrastructure and the THP module of comprehensive industrial production supporting information system. The system provides production monitoring, document management and staff training record keeping.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the design, implementation and testing of open-source audio player plugin, extending its functionality on additional features, that allow user to create playlists based on specific mood or activity. Main purpose of this plugin in the first place is playback optimization and customization to user's demands by selection of appropriate tracks, based on user's feedback while listening to music. In addition, the plugin will offer a simple playlist synchronization between two and more computers via on-line account.</td>]
[<td>In my thesis I describe creating a prototyp of an application for a specific client. Application is made like a simple business inteligence application, processing data in various pivot tables, charts and others items of BI applications and using software package from the company Perpetuum Software. Application is made for software company Prodata Praha s.r.o., dealing with developing software for car industry.</td>]
[<td>Dracek is a multi-generation student project, with a goal to create an educational application designated for pupils of elementary schools afflicted with learning disabilities. This thesis primarily deals with the application's modularity, focussing especially on downloading extensions from the application's server and loading these extensions during the runtime of the application.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis describes a concept and an implementation of modular CMS called Venne:CMS. First part is dedicated to reasons of emergence, differences compared to similar projects and significant features that can be appreciated not only by users. In next chapters programmers will receive an overview of a functionality, an application design and the implementation.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design and implement synchronization module for ExtBrain applications running on Android devices. It describes synchronization protocol and communication with IMAP server which serves as remote storage for synchronization items. Part of this work deals with design and implementation of task manager and its integration with synchronization module.</td>]
[<td>This final work dedicates to the extension of application for an admission and the creation of API to provide data to the third parties. In conclusion the work introduces the possibilities of the next progress and the development of application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis revises the design of the tool manipulation functionality which is part of the SWINPRO system. New requirements are gathered and analyzed. Design changes are proposed based on the requirements analysis. The design changes are followed by the selected implementation details and problems that I found interesting to introduce and to explain to the reader.

The main changes were made to the tool manipulation functionality, which resides in stand alone applications (called bridges) that are accessible via their SOAP API. The main changes included the asynchronous manipulation with tools and the preparation of the bridges to be used by multiple clients. The multi-client environment brings the following main issues, which the thesis analyzes: authorized access, many clients accessing at the same time, exclusive ownership, and discoverability.</td>]
[<td>The diploma thesis presents an analysis of current systems used at FIT CTU in terms of preparedness of application interface for integration with REST services within the ESB. Among others, this thesis deals with a literature search where you can find elaboration of integration capabilities IS, accurate information about the ESB, which includes the most important distribution and selection of technology for data exchange and communication. The other part of this thesis looks into a proposal of information system which is the part of integration of existing systems FIT CTU. It includes sample integration of Alfresco system into the formed core system using ESB APACHE SERVICE MIX, which has been created in cooperation with an an external company named DOXOLOGIC. The core is also decribed and the integration is tested. The contribution of this work is in the analysis of the current systems, the proposal of information system and mainly the proposal of system integration, which should follow successor, who will integrate other systems.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to develop an information system that is applicable for the DAAD Alumni Club in the Czech Republic, a nonprofit organization associating former DAAD scholarship holders from the Czech Republic. First, the thesis outlines the problem domain of the organization and discusses a solution to the identified needs. Next, the outcomes of particular activities of the UP-based development process obtained within the scope of requirements, analysis, design, and implementation phases are described. The last part of the thesis is devoted to various testing procedures performed on the developed application.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with interconnection of two information systems. It is intended to Medicalc Software s.r.o. It may be of interest to someone who wants to learn about OLE technology from Microsoft or DBMS_SCHEDULER package from Oracle.</td>]
[<td>This research deals with the analysis of transfering large and heterogeneous XML doucuments between two web services with the use of a middleware system. On this basis the connection is implemented for the e-commerce system PrestaShop and the acountant system Pohoda.</td>]
[<td>This thesis was written with a purpose to examine RapidMiner and to develop plugin extending the basic RapidMiner functions and features. In research part of this thesis, an introduction to data mining and RapidMiner is given. In next part, the RapidMiner extension system is described. In implementation part, developed extension is described and tested.</td>]
[<td>Thesis subject is realisation of autonomous scenarios for four-wheel robot presentation. Scenario describes movement of robot and its reactions to outer impulses. As a part of the thesis, whole system was created, that realizes scenario described with UML diagrams. UML diagrams are transformed into XML commands. These XML commands are processed by interpreter, which controls robot over its API. Result of this work is a set of scenarios, translator and command interpreter. Both written in Java. In addition, several support tools were developed to ensure initialization, diagnostics and voice output of robot.</td>]
[<td>The work is devoted to measuring customer value in social software, mostly based on metric Customer Referral Value (CRV). At first, it explains the basic terms in context of business use, then shows the advantages and importance of implementation to practice. In the end, the thesis analyzes current level of business adoption of social technologies on Czech market and compares it to the level of adoption in Taiwan.</td>]
[<td>This master’s thesis describes a solution to a problem of how to achieve that users can identify each other’s archeological findings which they put at website LovecPokladu.cz. The problem is solved by crowdsourcing in which a task (identify finding’s category) is solved by a crowd. Thesis analyses existing applications where crowdsourcing is used, summarizes common advices of how to apply crowdsourcing in real world and describes design and implementation of a processes for identifying finding’s category.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creation of an interactive web demonstration of Fermi acceleration. At first an algorithm computing a time evolution of Fermi acceleration is designed and implemented. Then posibilities of creating interactive web demonstrations in computer algebra systems Wolfram Mathematica and Sage are reviewed and the interactive web demonstrations are created using both of them.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on analysis, design and implementation of web portal intended to online education. Also provides insight into the ASP.NET MVC 4 and some other frameworks such as Ninject tool for dependency injection and tool for object-relational mapping Entity Framework.</td>]
[<td>Bachelor thesis deals with database model of application Anketa CVUT,
which collects evaluations of courses and teachers made by students. The first part is aimed to maintenance of database and all the requiring alters of database model, which leads to improve properties and abilities of the application. After that, key technogies used in this thesis are described. Goal of the second part is improving the algorithm generating teachers roles according to a concrete course, which includes modifications in business logics due to a change of data model. Last part deeply describes unit testings with their implementing into application Anketa CVUT.</td>]
[<td>Semantic web technologies and the Linked Data principles attempt to open up data from various sources to the general public. This thesis is part of the OpenData initiative project and is devoted to the development of a web application for publishing public contracts using the aforementioned principles. Our requirements analysis of public procurement management is based on the Public Contracts Ontology. As a result of the analysis, we present a complementary ontology created in this work. The next part of this thesis deals with the design of a web application and its integration into the project. After the implementation and the testing of the main components, the application was deployed for a trial run, which serves for demonstration purposes of the OpenData initiative.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with an implementation of an intelligent fulltext search module with lemmatization support,
which provides large amount of independene on concrete word form, for e-shops and about its theoretical basis.

The need for intelligent fulltext search is quite significant these times for every catalogue.
Contemporary programming libraries are not optimal for not-only-web-developers for many reasons, especially in terms of
performance and API complexity. It is also often necessary but almost impossible to install additional software on a common webhosting.

The goal of this thesis is to build an application, which will provide a web developer an efficient alternative with
notable lower demands of webhosting sources but with satisfying functionality and simple API. The result of this work
should be commerically usable (at least with GNU/GPL license).</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is to create a web interface for the application Mobilní lékárna. This application allows users to search for pharmacies with the lowest price of the medicine or with the minimal contribution to the medicine in the selected area. Described are the most important technologies used in the development, primarily JSP, Twitter Bootstrap framework and Google Maps API v3. The work also includes a brief introduction to health care in the Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is to design and implement a tool that designs topologies of ad-hoc wireless networks such that the energy consumption in the network is minimal. The tool will solve the problem using an evolutionary algorithm and its graphical user interface will provide an environment for experimentation and visualization of the results.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes basic test methods for testing web applications.There
is demonstrated the use of several testing techniques through the testing of
OHS application. The work also contains specific test scenarios and checklists
from which can readers draw inspiration for designing their own testing. The
test results are primarily intended for future development teams of OHS application.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create a mobile phone application for the mobile operation system iOS, which will help users to navigate around the CTU campus. In addition, the application will download users' timetable and allow them to navigate to their classes. The navigation will be accomplished with the route displaying in outdoor and indoor maps.

Last but not least part of this thesis, is the use of an augmented reality as a part of the navigation in CTU buildings. It will help localize users in a building and show them directions in a simple and understandable way.

The whole CTU Navigator project consists of the server and the client parts. The goal of this thesis is the client part only.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this Master's thesis is to design and develop adminstration system for Management of Business Informatics methodology for IT service management. Firstly the thesis summarizes basic concept of the method and points out differences between this method and already existing methods like ITIL and COBIT. The main part of the thesis is developing the administration information system that implements all data structures and processes in process of collecting method's data.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes design and implementation of web information system for timesheet administration. The system is implemented in PHP, JavaScript and czech framework Nette. As a result the system allows administration of timesheets, including the management of all data needed to complete them and export these timesheets to XLS files.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis is focused on label decluttering for aeronautical charts. Results can also be used for common charts, there is no need for diminishing or rotation of labels. Developed algorithm computes label placement for point, linear and polygon elements. Heuristic search hypothesis and method of Simulated annealing was implemented.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of a new system suitable for the
needs of the Jama Lvova team. Part of the thesis is also a description of some programming languages and tools suitable for the implementation of such system. Important is also analysis of current solution and suggestion for possible improvement. The goal is to create a prototype of the new system capable of replacing the current system, and which is able to befurther extended in the future.</td>]
[<td>The work deals with the information system for the company in the field of agriculture.
Thesis contains the recognition of authority, its processes, problems and requirements.
The following is an analysis of possible solutions and the best solution is broken down into conceptual design.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with reference models of IT Governance and measuring effects of IT Governance in business environment of Czech and Slovak Republic. The concept of IT Governance enables IT organizations to easily implement transparency and exactness in their management system and decision–making in key areas, which, in context of business, results in more significant business/IT strategy alignment and thus also affects achieving overall business results. Purpose of this paper is to present a conceptual outlook on the comparison of different reference models of IT Governance available and results of performed survey, focused on their actual use in the business environment. The second part of this paper is focused on results of the survey, effects of IT Governance, which are also correlated with the level of maturity of IT management, what creates a comprehensive view on the respondents. A very important part of the results is formulation of various problems and recommendations for implementing IT Governance, that were identified during the survey. </td>]
[<td>This thesis is focused on Java 7 Fork/Join framework performance testing. Framework is tested using 3 algorithms: Merge sort, Matrix multiplication and The N by N Queens Problem. Tested is  framework overhead and framework performance regarding to count of processor cores.</td>]
[<td>Modern technologies, such as computers and the Internet, have caused in an increase of number of information resources above the level that man can handle. For this reason it is therefore more difficult track all the information. The solution may be to watch only the most important information. But is it possible to find such messages without we should having to first read all? This thesis tries to find a solution through an automated system (algorithm) that works on the basis of an approximation of user preferences.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about design and implementation of a presentation tier in a three-tier architecture team developed database structure synchronization tool. It contains a large scale analysis of graphical user interfaces of existing programs in the same category. This thesis focuses mainly on the graphical user interface of a standalone application but it also includes design and implementation of an Enterprise Architect plugin and a tool for automatic comparison without a graphical user interface.</td>]
[<td>This diploma thesis aims to summarize basic and generally accepted conventions for designing a RESTful APIs. They are then used for designing a new API of the KOSapi middleware which is, inter alia, extended by new data domains. A significant part of this work is design and implementation of language and tool for parametric querying over RESTful resources which was named RSQL.</td>]
[<td>Main purpose of this thesis is design and implementation of social network that will enable better social interaction with user's sport videos.
This thesis will introduce social networks in ﬁrst chapter. In the next chapter, design with respect to requirements will be described as well as process of choosing technologies used during implementation along with their short description. Next chapter will describe implementation of this social network. Conclusion will present results of testing and propose possibilities for further improvements in future.
</td>]
[<td>Tato práce se zabývá vývojem programu, který bude slou¾it pri výzkumu
v oblasti kombinatoriky na slovech. Dule¾itou cástí je návrh a implementace prostredí, které umo¾nuje badatelum pridávat nové nástroje pro práci s morfizmy a retezci. Zameruje se na popis vizualizace Rauzyho grafu.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the development of the plugin for appli- cation KOmponenta Test. Plugin allows teacher to create tests and to ge- nerate them as PDF documents. This thesis describes initial studies and implementation of the plugin.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement a plug-in to already finished web-based system that will handle the administration of standing orders. The main activities will be carried out by mechanical sequence of events during the automatic creation of an additional document according to pre-defined requirements of standing orders.</td>]
[<td>The graduation theses deal with a design of application for technical and
content web analysis with primary direction to search engine optimization
and web accessibility. There is performed detailed retrieval of competitive tools
before particular design. Those are fundamental elements for elaboration of
analysis and aims, which must be executed by application because of fairly
big competition.
The design consist of several different resolutions from which is chosen the
most effective one.
For final design is implemented prototype to confirm the design legitimacy.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the analysis, design, implementation and testing of the web application for introductory course of the Faculty of Information Technology CTU called Seznamovák. The application should primarily facilitate the activity of the organizers.
The work should ensure simplification of existing organization of Seznamovák, especially for the unification of all parts into one information system and to more effective activity of the organizers. For this reason it offers a lot of options such as clear management of finances, participants, lectures and games, sending e-mails, creating a schedule or list of tasks.
The application uses the PHP programming language and framework Nette.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the search of similar records in the name database. It is about the implementation of a module, which will find and display the most similar items based on the submitted values. The first chapter describes the string comparison and record indexing methods together with their practical use. The second chapter introduces the process of implementation of the search algorithm, possible alternatives and optimization. The third chapter describes the application testing and show its outputs.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with analysis, design, implementation, testing and deployment of a prototype of web application aimed at alumni of Faculty of Information Technology, CTU. Application si divided into several portlets for Liferay Portal and is integrated with Alfresco document management system via RESTful services. Study also deals with legislative limitations regarding processing of personal information in the Czech Republic.</td>]
[<td>The main purpose of this bachelor’s thesis is to give summary information about contemporary phenomenon – social networks. The first part is focused on their history, safety and mechanisms of working. The most well-known representatives of the global and internal social networks are defined. Current possibilities of the usage social networks in the context of institutions are also analysed at the end. The second part of the thesis shows the specific example of usage of social networks. It deals with the design of an information system using social networks for market research.</td>]
[<td>This bachelors thesis is a part of a series of works dedicated to the issue of the CTU FIT BOZP portal which grew out of the need to increase the efficiency of BOZP related processes. The topic of this thesis is the Device database module. This work includes the description of the conducted analysis and design including the course of the consequent implementation and testing. During the introduction the reader is familiarized with the history of the project, its key characters and with the present state of the solution. The conclusion then offers an evaluation of the whole effort and points to future possibilities of the project. The Device database offers a simple way of adding and managing new electrical equipment. The module also offers a way to plan mass inspections and revisions about which the attendants are then informed through e-mail. The module is created as a web application using the PHP programming language and the Nette framework.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis describes the accommodation process of one particular dormitory. It results in the design, implementation, and testing of a prototype for an application optimizing this process. A large part of the thesis is dedicated to the implementation decisions I decided on.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creation of an information system AKRMAT, which is to be used for managing various accreditation materials, CVs etc.. The main goal of the thesis is to implement functionality for generating accreditation materials. A native XML database is used to store user data, while REST-based web services are used to access them. The thesis further deals with various SW development methodologies and their application in AKRMAT development. Thesis also contains an installation guide, used for deploying AKRMAT to various computers.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes a tool that test compatibility of two APIs. The tool generates a source code that should fully utilize an API of a selected Java library or framework. I describe members of Java APIs, how  APIs are used in client code and what source compatibility-breaking changes may occur during the API evolution.

I use the tool to investigate breaking changes in five different Java components.</td>]
[<td>The objective of this work is to design and imlement new information system of an used car company which will unife existing content management system of their websites and sales system.
The work at the first place describes the company, its needs, internal processes and current state of their system they've been using. Afterwards the funcionality of the systems takes its place as well as their bright and dark sides or functions of the systems which need to be kept or expanded and those which need to be changed or removed.
In connection with the current state the problem is described in the next chapter together with the requirements to the new system. According to these requirements the analysis of the new system has been made and the next chapter is dedicated to that.
It consists of description of requirements of the new system, description of users' roles and entites of the system and their relationships. At the end of this chapter some complicated precesses are described.
The analysis closely follows a next chapter which deals with the design of the system and on the basis of requirements and analysis determines exact solutions for implementation.
In the following chapter the implementation of the solution is parsed and described. Mainly it's about structure of the system and how it works in general. It's place in this chapter has also security of the application.
The last chapter is about company's websites. A part of the assignment was to make necessary modifications of the websites to connect them to the new system and also connect them to the Facebook page of the company.

Keywords:
Information system, Used car company, Content management system, Web analysis, System analysis, System design, System imlementation, Facebook</td>]
[<td>High dynamic range (HDR) images, in contrast to standard images, allow capturing real-world scenes of extremely high contrast. As the common display devices have limited dynamic range, viewing HDR images requires specific visualization on the software side.

HDR images are widely adopted in fields of digital photography or computer graphics, however their quick visual inspection relies on expensive and highly dedicated software. To date, there is a lack of simple multi-platform image viewer which would handle both standard and HDR images and, at the same time, supported user defined tone mapping operators or arbitrary color space conversions.

This thesis documents creation of Haydar, a new versatile multi-platform HDR image viewer with extensible architecture, which represents a more suitable tool for fast and user-friendly visual inspection of HDR images in various color spaces.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes design and implementation of the data server core of the computer system CTU Navigator. The basic purpose of the core is to provide a platform for elementary functionality and management of the server part of the system and enable its further development using simple modules. This work also includes the creation of several basic modules and instructions for creating a module in the form of tutorial.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the analysis, design and implementation of a prototype web interface to schedule employee shifts. The basic functionality of the prototype is inspired by existing web scheduler, enhanced with the ability of working with a large amount of data and multiuser collaboration in real time. This thesis describes parts of HTML5 specification like real-time communication or web storage as well as the development of application on the client side in JavaScript.</td>]
[<td>The content of this thesis is analysis, design and implementation of the user interface for Admissions application at Faculty of Information Technology CTU in Prague. The result of thesis is working prototype, which can be used as a pattern for further development of the Admissions application.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this design-implemetation work is to create a cross-platform desktop application for managing short text notes, which will be shareable by a file hosting service.</td>]
[<td>This bacherol's thesis is concerned with creating an entry of orders system based on knowledge of existing solutions.

The main benefit rests in the pursuit of efficiency and well-arranged modern user interface, which is missing in existing solutions.</td>]
[<td>Thesis describes differencies and disproves some myths about in-memory databases. It describes selection of IMDBS and on simple scenario compares their performance.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis discusses the application of realtime web technologies on the problem of passenger transport simulation on the rail network. Simulation here is understood to mean the most accurate estimation of the movement of trains between stations, which the trains pass through. The aim of this work is to design and implement an application that will simulate the real operation of the rail network for all types of passenger trains of Èeské dráhy, a.s. and
other elements that affect the operation of the rail network. The part of the application is also a presentation of some related parameters. An example is application on the problem of the flow network on selected parameters of the rail line infrastructure.</td>]
[<td>This thesis explores the options of mobile application cross-platform development with a special focus on those frameworks which enable to develop these applications using web technologies. The thesis provides a comparison of individual frameworks, a technological description of this approach and also a detailed analysis of a leader in this field – the PhoneGap framework. The ultimate goal of this thesis is to provide a comparison between developing applications in the native way and developing them via frameworks like PhoneGap.</td>]
[<td>This Diploma Thesis is aimed at the identification and implementation of universal components which a company Imatic Software Ltd. intends to use for easier development of custom-built information systems for its clients. For each of these components, the requirements, research and analysis of existing solutions, implementation analysis and realisation itself have been defined. Some of these components are then parts of a demonstration within which an example of information system based on the components is implemented. The Thesis is also covering the methodology of sustainable development and expansion of components used by the company Imatic Software Ltd.</td>]
[<td>This work is a part of a project Theatre13, which complexly deals with the draft of an application for browsing theatre programmes and seat selection and ticket reservation from the web browser as well as mobile phone applications. This work pursues the analysis and foremost the implementation of an information system and a ticket purchasing system for theatres and theatre productions. In my work I focus upon finding and implementing an optimal user interface for the selection of seats. As a part of my work is also a draft and implementation of an API for the communication with mobile phone applications.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes the development of a time management application for the Android OS. The primary aim was to create an application that combines calendar and to-do functionality. Significant emphasis was put on user-friendliness and graphic design. This thesis first describes the user interface design, then it talks about implementation. The result is a working application that is available on Google Play, the official distribution channel for Android applications.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the way of porting FFmpeg component to iOS and Android operating systems and also with the usage of this compomnent for streaming real time video from smartphone camera to Wowza Media Server using RTMP protokol.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work is the design of a system for
managing competitions (programming, in particular) and its
basic implementation. The main requirements are universality and
scalability, which will allow the system to run in various modes of
operation. The result is the design of system architecture, basic
implementation of the main component, which serves as a universal data
storage, and a prototype of some of the other components needed to
process a solution in the ACM ICPC contest and to create the contest
scoreboard.
</td>]
[<td>The aim of this work was to verify the influence of User Experience (UX)
on the popularity of websites and the impact on their return visitors. This thesis deals with creating a list of UX rules and the analysis of CDN77.com website on their basis. The output is the UX improved design of the website and the analysis comparing the old and new website.</td>]
[<td>The idea of the web application originated from the agreement with Miroslav Balík, the deputy dean, and Daniel Va¹ata, the guarantor of the combined study. I have chosen the topic of the thesis as a practical de- monstration of experience gained in my study at FIT and my professional experience. I have created this application to optimise and speed up the timetabling process.</td>]
[<td>Goal of this thesis is to analyze requirements for forestry filing system and then to design, implement and test its user interface. In the beginning you can find requirements analysis followed by user interface design. Next part deals with implementation and testing of prototype, which can be found on attached CD.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to design and implement controlling software for RepRap 3D printer. The software is implemented in C++ language using Qt framework. It allows connecting to more printers at the same time. It is possible to connect to the printer from remote computer over network. The result of the thesis is fully functional program, which can replace present insufficient programs and become their better alternative.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to understand how is the digital sound signal stored in PCM format, what methods are used to analyze it and how to recognize spoken words using template matching. To achieve this, I have created an application that demostrates various short-term characteristics of the signal (amplitude, frequency, zero crossing rate). Also I have implemented Fast Fourier transform using dynamic programming, Mel filtres, discrete cosine transform and dynamic time warping algorithm. Combining these methods, I was able to compare the input sound with sounds stored in the dictionary. Then I have demonstrated whole process and the results in graphical user interface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to increase the efficiency of web user interfaces designing process. Preliminary research discusses the available solutions and focuses primarily on support of important and unique functionalities they can provide. The main purpose of this work is to design and implement a web application that allows users to create wireframes. The application has built-in support for project managing and versioning, introduces user roles management and is further expandable to support new UI element types.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this thesis is to design and implement a web application
for creating and management of audio conferences hosted on Asterisk call
manager. The resulting application is to be integrated with phone system
and other parts of customer's ICT infrastructure.
Parts of this thesis are the complete source code, documentation, table
values measured during the testing and compiled version of the application.</td>]
[<td>The development of BPMS products has recently undergone rapid development. One of the key factors was the launching of the new version of the BPMN 2.0 specification, which enabled the development of process models directly transferable into an executable form. This new approach changed the way of development of processes in BPMS. This thesis deals with the possibilities of leveraging the reusability in these new BPM systems. The author compared different approaches in some BPMSs, focusing on IBM BPM platform. On the basis of his practical experience from a case study, he managed to asses the degree of reusability of the evaluated components.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is about designing web based shift planning appliacation.
Requirements analysis was consulted with company, that handles
shifts for hundreds of employees. Next topic is software design and implementation
of a working prototype for desing verification.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis is part of the BOZP portal that aims to simplify and accelerate the management of occupational safety and health. It describes the development of records administation module for BOZP portal. Development started with analysis, followed by design, implementation and at the end testing of created solution. The module is implemented in PHP using the Nette 2 framework.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of Zebra - an information system for support of industrial production. Module Operative is designed for operatives in manufacturing who submit the work carried out and defects caused by manufacturing. Module Foreman assigns tasks for operators. Modul Manager manages the workplaces. The system was developed in Java, with using of Java SE and Java EE platforms. PDF was chosen as a browser of the operator documentation.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the analysis, design and implementation of
a news recommender application based on named entities recognition. In
this work is proposed a method for characterization of relatedness of two
articles utilizing information about named entities retrieved from the DBpedie
knowledge base</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to create data layer for the simple and easily extensible tool to synchronize database structure models in the Oracle database and Enterprise Architect. This tool should be an alternative for commercial and often very expensive applications. The first part contains an analysis of the problems that can occur during comparing models and their possible solutions. Next part is devoted to the design of data layers and interfaces that must provide to other layers. There is described a method of retrieving and saving the model from Oracle database and Enterprise Architect. The last section describes problems that were not known in the analysis and that have shown up during the implementation and testing.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis, together with three others, forms the project Theatre 13, which aims to create an online platform for theatre enthusiasts. Web portal and mobile applications will allow users to conveniently browse theatre programs and purchase online tickets for various performances. To guide one's choice, the project will include reviews of particular theatres and performances posted by other users. 

In this thesis I analyze similar projects, regarded as competition, and I examine them by focusing on their functionality and user interface. These findings will serve as a foundation for complete design of web portal and mobile applications of Theatre 13 including graphics. Functionality of administrator's interface is also proposed in this thesis.</td>]
[<td>Computerization of state administration agenda also known as eGovernment activity consists of related parts. This thesis is analysing usage of the part - National Basic Register Information System (ISZR). Summary of legislation and related impacts evaluation to technical solution is the first mainstay of this thesis. The second part describes possibilities of integration with ISZR including legislation influence. These variants are evaluated and compared from different points of view (financial, maintenance, scalability etc.). The third mainstay is focused on design of integration solution using enterprise service bus, which is supported by sample implementation proving correctness of designed solution.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes an issue of financial planning. At first it focuses on knowledge required for creating short-term plans, long-term plans and budgets. Than it analyzes software tools, that are designed for creating financial plans. The thesis also looks into the posibility of using these tools in real environment of FIT ÈVUT. It is followed by creation of concept of application, that is supposed to solve an issue of budgeting on FIT in one of previously described tools. Finally, there is a demonstration of benefits of this concept.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with electronic control systems for smart 
buildings and focuses on stability and security risks of their functionality 
and behavior. The thesis is divided into four main parts. 

The first part examines available electronic control 
systems in terms of stability and security risks. 
The second part contains proposals for possible solutions and improvements 
of the identified risks. 
The third part documents the design and implementation of proposed 
solutions in the SmartBuildings system (being developed at FIT CVUT) 
and also discusses the possible use of heuristic behavior 
in the critical situations. 
The last part of this thesis describes and evaluates used methods 
for stability and security testing on implemented solutions.</td>]
[<td>This thesis engages using of CUDA technology from the NVIDIA company for realization of mathematical-physical model of sharing heat energy in a solid matter and comparing of attributes of sequential implementation for central processing unit and parallel implementation for CUDA technology. First part contains theoretical introduction to problem of heat sharing, design of mathematical-physical model of heat sharing and model description. Second part contains familiarization with CUDA technology, design of application which implements model and its description. Last part describes testing and evaluation of application which implements model, focusing on correctness of implemented model in particular. Last but not least is evaluated speed of implementation for central processing unit and CUDA technology. </td>]
[<td>This paper deals with creation of a game engine. The work discusses implementation possibilities of individual parts of the engine. This theses offers a solution for one's own engine project and following implementation of the project.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents a design and implementation of mobile application used for reading a online magazine published by the Mightysounds music festival. Application is supported by an editorial webserver implemented in PHP framework Yii. Mobile application is developed for an Android operating system. These two softwares then communicate with each other using the REST protocol, where the webserver is used as a storage for all the magazine data and mobile application then downloads these data and presents them to the user.</td>]
[<td>This study aims to analyze, design, implement and test a CRM Portal modul called the Technical center. The modul’s key feature is the technical support of customers’ electronic devices and unification of all related sources of information. The Technical center is a part of a specialized web-oriented web portal, that is being developed as team work.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to familiarize with widespread IT management
methodologies like ITIL and COBIT and with the newly created methodology MBI, which has been developed at University of Economics in Prague.
Another goal of this work is to examine the reasons that hinder companies from implementing enterprise IT management methodologies. Second part of the work is to create a system that will be used by companies that want to user MBI. The system will allow them to customize the model so it fits their needs.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create keying plug-ins for Adobe After Effects, after examining the existing keying methods and ways of removing unwanted effects caused by keying. This thesis contains tutorial summarizing experience gained by programming plug-ins for Adobe After Effects.</td>]
[<td>This thesis contains a theoretical analysis for finding optimal paths in graphs and a description of algorithms solving this issue. Following chapters describe in detail the analysis, design, implementation, and the user manual of a graphics applications that simulate the movement of the characters on the 2D grid map with differently weighted edges. The characters in the application use the path-finding algorithms to determine their optimal path to the target. The work also describes functionality tests of the application and application behavior in problematic situations. An integral part of this thesis is a graphical application itself that was created in the programming language Python.
</td>]
[<td>The bachelor’s thesis deals with security aspects of cloud computing. Its basis is formed by an introduction of the cloud technology, comparison with an onpremise model and creation of a list of parameters and properties that are necessary to implement and maintain to ensure safe operation. The practical outcome of this work is a guidance to manager in deciding on the use of cloud computing services with an emphasis to safety and demonstration of its use for a specific practical application.</td>]
[<td>This thesis details the development of a game engine oriented on two-dimensional games. It also concerns with the related problems associated with game programming. The topics include graphics rendering with the OpenGL library, including text rendering and graphical effects based on particles, audio playback, physics simulation, and resource management.</td>]
[<td>There are so many study support systems (Edux, Moodle, etc.) at CTU, which provide study information about subscribed courses for students. When students need to access this information, they have to login to all these study support systems and find it manually. There is no universal study system, which would provide study information uniformly and which would allow organization departments of faculties of CTU to create study information easily. The goal of this thesis is to design and implement a middleware in Java programming language under the Java EE platform, which can aggregate study information from all existing study systems of faculty and information resources of CTU. The middleware will provide a REST API through which study systems will forward their information to the middleware and client systems will show this aggregated information to students.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes design and prototype implementation of a web-based UML tool. The tool accepts text input of UML diagrams and elements and it stores the model information. The thesis briefly discusses UML itself and existing UML tools.</td>]
[<td>This work focuses on system support for Attorneys-at-Law agenda. First
part covers in-depth analysis of advocacy from ICT (Information and Communication Technologies) point of view. Consultations
with Attorneys and background research are fundamental for the
analysis. Overview of applications currently used by attorneys is followed
by list of specialized solutions offered by ICT providers.
Outputs from the analysis are transformed into system requirements.
These requirements are met by system functions for general solution concept.
The suggested system support contains five parts: Portal (universal
user interface), Document Management System, Case support (Solution
that improves individual law Case handling), Conflict of interest (new client
check to avoid possible conflict of interest) and Auditor (automatic
background check for people and companies)
The general concept is transformed into a Solution based on IBM technologies.
Part of the work is a demo implementation containing Portal,
Document Management System and Case support. This demo Solution was
introduced to attorneys and their feed-back and suggestions have been included
in the work.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the work Redesign and expand management of service companies and workers education system is to analyze the current state for the managent and based on this analysis to design a new system for management service companies which will be composed of new modules which are not deployed in system yer or are not connected to each other and so does do not share data together that's why the system looses its complexity. Part of this work is also an union of all internal company data from different sources into one web based application which shall provide data for internal systems of company.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with the comparison of options running applications in the cloud and on-premise mode. For comparison the environment is first necessary theoretical knowledge of, and therefore first part of the work is detailed description of the environment. The second part is focused on creating a case study for an external client. The content of the study is to analyze real-world applications and comparing possible environment for its operation.</td>]
[<td>The bachelor thesis deals with the unification of the SVM Microwaves s.r.o. company‘s bifurcated information system into one application. Part of this work is meant to analyze the current state of the information system, business processes and company’s requirements for the united information system. The secondary goal of the thesis is to create a functional prototype of the new system and to test it.</td>]
[<td>The subject of this thesis is the creation of an application core for education-oriented software application called Dráèek (Dragonet) whose main purpose is to ease education of students in early grades of primary schools especially those who suffer from learning disabilities. The core serves as central point of application's logic and defines its software architecture.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this bachelor thesis is to create selected modules for application called Dragon. Dragon is an educational application for elementary school students, which is supposed to grab and hold their attention as well as improve the growth of their knowledge and skills. For this application there will be modules with text-oriented exercises, which are to serve for education, especially for students who suffer from learning disabilities.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis is to design a complex virtualization tool based on Microsoft Hyper-V technology. Prior to the design, comprehensive research and comparison of three existing virtualization environments were performed. The design is based on detailed specification of requirements and use cases. The final part of the study is devoted to the user-testing conception.</td>]
[<td>Multimedia presentations are weaved throughout our lives in a way that makes life without them unimaginable. However, little is known about the processes behind the creativity and business decisions the drive the ultimate outcomes - the look and feel, technology and user experience.
This thesis looks at current approaches throughout theoretic literature, the startup environment and digital agencies, and attempts to identify best practice approaches. The predominant goal of this thesis is to create a reusable, unified and abstract framework to govern the processes behind the authoring of multimedia presentations.</td>]
[<td>With the constantly increasing interest in dynamic languages, developers need better tools for their effective use. These languages are characterized by the absence of type information and often unpredictable behavior until the very time when the code is interpreted. Because of that, development environments must often deal with usual operations unconventional way. One of the problems is reliable refactoring, which is intended to modify existing code while preserving its functionality. The subject of this thesis is to implement a library designed to effectively refactor dynamic language code of PHP language.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create a system for small ballroom dancing competitions. Requirements of such system are discussed and afterwards an implementation is designed. Finally, the resulting product is discussed and possibilities of farther extensions are proposed.</td>]
[<td>This thesis presents design, implementation and simple testing of web user interface of programming contest evaluation system. The main part is design, which describes analysis of user roles and analysis of existing systems. The result of this work is implemented and tested web user interface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of the project is a comparison between J2ME and Android platforms for creation of extensive graphical applications. Part of my work is also to implement a J2ME remake of computer game Heroes of Might and Magic III and then port it to the Android platform.</td>]
[<td>This paper describes the project MBSpendings, which is project intended for managing household finances. It is a server side application with clients for Windows Phone 8, Desktop (Windows) and web. The paper describes an analysis, design, implementation and testing of this project. And also compares MBSpendings to other known existing solutions.</td>]
[<td>Diploma thesis Generating User Interfaces from UIP and JPA deals with combination of two approaches to the automatic user interfaces (UIs) generation. The first approach is to generate UIs on the basis of code inspection (using JPA entities) represented by tool AspectFaces (formerly JFormBuilder). The second approach is to generate concrete UIs (CUIs) from abstract UIs (AUIs). An AUI describes UI in a platform independent matter. The CUI generation process reflects context, in particular user capabilities and characteristics of target devices. It is represented by UI generator (UiGE) that is part of the UIProtocol platform. There is a synergy of combination of UiGE and AspectFaces that has potential of eliminating their disadvantages as individuals. Using this approach AspectFaces can generate context sensitive UI for various heterogeneous platforms. On the other hand, UiGE with UIProtocol is enhanced by a powerful input model - enhanced data persistence model. The solution is integrated into the Java version of the UIProtocol platform.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and realization of a plug-in for MediaWiki
which allows the user to edit the content and structure of tables using
graphical user interface. It describes general principles of MediaWiki extensions development, process of creation of our plugin and user manual for its installation and use.</td>]
[<td>The main topic of this work is the long term archiving of electronic documents with usage of cloud computing. The theoretical part describes basic concepts of archiving, security specifications of electronic signatures and possible usages of cloud computing in connection with long term archiving. Practical part focuses on architecture design of long term archive. It contains an analysis of existing solutions within the long term archival systems, requirement analysis and the architecture design of long term archiving system with usage of cloud computing.</td>]
[<td>The thesis focuses on business process modeling and business process simulation using process diagrams created with the BORM method. The main task is to develop a specialized web portal in Smalltalk and the Seaside framework to address the issues of viewing, simulating and sharing diagrams as well as providing feedback. A clean object-oriented design is the main priority during the development. The thesis then verifies the design and tests the security and the performance of the portal. The portal is also compared to an existing application developed in PHP and the Nette framework. As a result the Seaside framework is found to be suitable for developing such web portals.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work is to create a web application to enhance and simplify communication between foster homes in Czech Republic to support the cooperation in this community. Children from these homes have their own section, where they will be able to communicate with other children, share some jokes or other informations. At the same time this appliacation contains some editable profiles of these homes, that are designed to provide webpresentation for public.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned with a description, design and implementation of a system for definition of a content structure of a document, which will be used as a part of a system for an independent definition of the document's content and visual structure and the document's instantiation. The author does this with respect to the Scala programming language which is the main implementation language. The author's work ultimately leads to the creation of a module with aforementioned functionality and to the extension of the Eclipse platform with a graphical user interace for definition of the content structures. The work is a reaction on the demand of Tomcat consulting s.r.o. company.</td>]
[<td>This work implements converter from Microsoft Office Word into the LaTeX format. It analyses used data patterns, suggests principles of conversion between them and verifies reliability of the conversion. Suggested principles of conversion are then being implemented in Visual Basic for Application. Converter is suitable tool for automatization of described process. It allows rapid boost of conversion speed for text documents created and sustained in Microsoft Office Word, for publications which requies LaTeX enviroment.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the development of NetopeerWebGUI - web user interface for network devices management and configuration. NetopeerWebGUI can communicate with any device which supports NETCONF protocol. It uses web server Apache with module mod_netconf.

NetopeerWebGUI is implemented in PHP and based on Symfony2 framework. Technologies such as XML, jQuery, SASS, OOCSS, SQLite and templating system TWIG were used for its development.

NetopeerWebGUI is regularly tested using automated tests within Selenium framework. Testing of GUI behavior - usability testing and heuristic evaluation, were also carried out by selected experts.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with creating applications on the Android platform. The application is designed for recommending applications between friends. It is targeted primarily on new Android users to facilitate their choice of applications that they will use. In this thesis is described the design, implementation and testing of the application and its server part.</td>]
[<td>This work deals with SMS communication for SmartBuildings application for controlling buildings. Driver is created for this purpose by implementing solution using GSM modem connected by serial line and controled by AT commands. In this work is also presented the basic principle of SmartBuildings core and there is solved the way of configuration a processing text parameters in messages.</td>]
[<td>The Thesis describe analyse, development and implementation of a Simple Application for the Notes Storage in the Cloud Environment. This application is client / server type. Author compares main providers of the cloud technologies, describes analyse, design and realization of the server and an example client. Server is designed to support communication with clients based on the many different types of platforms. Client described in the thesis is an example of creating clients. This example client is designed for Android, however in the similar way can be created client for any platform.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis is dedicated to the creation and development of ICT services catalogue of public administration. The thesis aims to provide recommendations for the creation and development of a catalog of ICT services of public administration and the subsequent establishment of shared services centers in the Czech Republic. The objective is achieved by analyzing available resources and information found is summarized in several chapters.
Firstly, the thesis compares the different approaches to the categorization of services and service catalog definition according to ITIL, COBIT, TOGAF and MMDIS frameworks. Secondly, it is focused on shared services centers and their use in public administration. Then, the assessment of approaches of other countries on the issue of eGovernment is carried out. Subsequently, the state of eGovernment in the Czech Republic is summarized. Finally, recommendations are provided for the creation and development of a catalog of ICT services of public administration and the subsequent establishment of shared services centers in the Czech Republic based on the previous analyzes.</td>]
[<td>Diving logbook is a modern web application, which aims to become an online alternative to paper diving logbooks. The goal of this work is to design and create a web application on Ruby on Rails platform, integrated with Google Maps API.</td>]
[<td>The purpose of this work was to create a program, that is intuitive and easy
to control and able to determine the route and its properties based on stand
map.
Data from the stand map can be transfered with appropriate way to graph
model, that contains graph edges with various attributes (eg length, feasibility,
required/not required, etc.). There is an algorithm, that can determine the
optimal sequence from specified start node to specified end node containing
each required edge atleast once.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with name days application development for Apple iPhone. In the first part it describes Xcode development environment, iOS platform, including SDK and iOS distribution centre - App Store. The second part contents pre-implementation analysis of a market and user base. In the final, third and fourth part of the thesis is description of implementation itself and the application testing. The goal of the thesis is description of implementation and distribution issues and analytic work, which precedes (or should precedes) implementation of app distributed via App Store. The application itself is tested and results of testing are evaluated and included in ideas about future of the application.</td>]
[<td>Licencing of applications written in Java and based on Eclipse RCP platform is investigated in this thesis. Thesis contains research of
of available open-source and commercial licensing tools and evaluates their usability. Also deals with the issue of protecting applications written in Java against unauthorized modification. The result of this theses is a set of libraries adding support for licensing and license distribution into existing applications. Part of the implemented system is also license server including web user interface.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this thesis was to design, implement and test an application, which allows to process and store social relations via interface based on web services of REST architecture. Data themselves should be represent using semantic web technologies. The result of this thesis is working program, which might be useful for those who apply one’s mind to analysis of social media in the context of semantic web.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis aims at analysis, design proposal and implementation of the first version of the system for simulation of management processes in aviation. This system features functions, which allow performing of virtual flights within virtual airlines. The system design incorporates four levels of access, which are used to differentiate the users from the administrators.

The system comprises three fully functional blocks between them are proposed and realised communication interfaces. Using client software part, the system is connectable to Microsoft Flight Simulator, which is used to accomplish flights by users.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor-degree diploma thesis describes possible use of social networks in education and is divided into two parts. First part describes social networks, their history and includes the most popular social networks. The second part focuses on case study for the Center for knowledge management. It focuses on proper choise of social networks and creating information system which allows effective use of them.</td>]
[<td>Due to complexity and difficulty of concurrent programming, software systems contain errors which can be very hard to find. These errors may have fatal consequences. This thesis deals with dynamic detection of insufficient synchronization when multiple threads access a shared variable. I implemented a JVM agent which detects data races via well-known JVM Tool Interface in a runtime of given applications. The algorithm for detection is inspired by Racer from Eric Bodden and Klaus Havelund. I applied this agent to the several applications including well-known Java2Demo. In this application, the agent found over 2500 data races. My experiments demostrate that the agent is fully functional and ready to for use on real applications. In order to facilitate the agent usage I also implemented an automated tester and a GUI for the agent.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor's thesis targets the development of an application to convert UML class diagrams to object-oriented programming language Smalltalk and (in the opposite direction) the Smalltalk language to UML class diagrams.

As the class diagram source a standard output of the UMLet tool to store UML diagrams has been selected. As the Smalltalkt dialect has been selected the one used in VisualWorks® application.

The thesis states the main information and properties of the mentioned means and further describes the implementation of the application in Java® programming language while using of JAXB library and JavaCC generator of parsers.

JAXB library is used to easily work with XML documents, to load their content as the Java object structure and to store a structure to XML file. The JavaCC generator generates lexical and syntactic analysers (parsers) in Java code from given file with required grammar and rules. Both these technologies are presented in this work.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on modification of ChiliProject (forked from Redmine) using a set of plug-ins. The thesis evaluates open source web applications for project management, analyses some specific aspects of Ruby on Rails platform and describes design, implementation, and testing of plug-ins for the existing application. The resulting plug-ins provide decentralized user roles management, access restriction for particular resources, and more.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describe creation of native iPhone application, which allows user to create collage of pictures composed of smaller individual tiles so the final photo looks like the model photography. A user can always see what stand/position should the photographed person take to achieve the most accurate final result as possible and then the application adjusts and stacks each photo. Thesis contains analytic and realization part and also detailed description of the iPhone platform and its technology.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design, implementation and testing of web application aggregating deals from group buying websites. The first part of this thesis is focused on analyzing the existing solutions trying to find opportunities for improvement. Follows design and implementation of project that is divided into several parts. First is application that aggregates deals from different group buying websites. Second, web application part serve as presentation for end customer. Next part is dedicated to exploring options in the field of recommender systems. Based on this research is designed recommender system that uses collaborative and content-based filtering.</td>]
[<td>The thesis deals with the theory and implementation of an algorithm that
searches all repeated patterns in a XML document tree in linear time. Due to the memory requirements of the algorithm the thesis also analyzes possibilities of modifying this algorithm to work in so called “external memory” (processed data are stored on the hard disk and only small blocks of data that are currently needed are stored in memory and are replaced by other blocks, if necessary).</td>]
[<td>The goal of this work was to analyze existing applications and created a new one, using the gained knowledge. This new application is designed for the Android OS and it provides information about other installed applications in a device to user. Besides that feature, user is also able to rate the other applications and share his/her ratings with other users.
The final phase was to design and perform testing for the created application.
</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with the issues of search engines optimization and the methods of evaluating success rate of the optimization. The focus is put on automated evaluation of results by means of registering positions in search engines. The automatization is based on daily detection of positions in search engines for specific websites and keywords using searching web pages and processing search results. The acquired data are saved into a storage and may be processed into graphs or tables, which lay the foundations of SEO specialist’s job.</td>]
[<td>While interpreted languages have quite simple way of extending their programs by adding additional scripts, compiled languages must solve the problem of combining builded sources. This thesis is focused on existing ways of modularity in java written programs. The second goal of this work is demonstration of these techniques during implementation of a web application system for knowledge management.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with designing a web application for access to accreditation materials data at FIT CTU. The application is implemented by Java Portlets technology for a Liferay environment. A library for a graphical user interface uses a Java Server Faces framework. The portlet for data displaying communicates by RESTful API with VVVS and KOS components. Also it mines data from an original VVVS component and from a SSU CTU component for university person view. This aplication is a part of a new faculty information system. A part of this work is also a design of faculty VVVS API, without the web application would not work properly.</td>]
[<td>This thesis is concerned on design, implementation and testing of framework,which enables object XML mapping with use of native XML database,  so called OXM, for Java.
Process of OXM involves object XML mapping and theirs reverse mapping,
transition of data in between database and mapping library through REST API and last but not least store data in native XML database ExDB. Anotherpart  of  this  thesis  is  design  and  implementation  of  ExDB  modiﬁcation  tosupport more APIs.
At the end of the thesis are reported testing methods and results. In addition, there are also comparisons with other OXM frameworks and evaluationof results and beneﬁts of thesis.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis deals with design and implementation of a web reservation system that uses the calendar of Zimbra groupware. The system doesn't use any database, all information is stored in the calendar only. Users are authenticated via LDAP. The system is implemented in PHP and JavaScript with jQuery framework.

The aim of the thesis is to analyze current similar systems, design our own solution based on the analysis, test this solution, put it to productionenvironment and ﬁnally test it in real operation.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis implements program based on the Euler´s equations calculates and displays the temperature distribution in the room. The system is implemented in C++ and graphics library is OpenGL.</td>]
[<td>The aim of my thesis is the configuration of stable environment for data warehouse over the results from the aplication “Anketa ÈVUT” (CTU survey) and the implementation of its extension. The most important part of this extension is the security of the data, which is of sensitive nature that does not allow to be viewed by anyone. The output is a secured web application with eight queries (or views) that can help the school management in decision making
and planning.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes design and implementation of web application for creating UML diagrams. Among other things, simply describes UML modeling language, its history and tools supported modeling UML diagrams. Practical result of this work is functional prototype of web application for drawing UML diagrams.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this design-implementation work is to create a computer program
that allows user to view interactive three-dimensional presentation of the garden design. The program creates a visualization of gardens based on the garden
plan, and allows dynamic changes of display conditions. Another important
part of this work is to achieve a simple and intuitive installation and control
of the visualization for non-experts.</td>]
[<td>This work will serve as an extension to the Web EDUX system. It deals with the structure of the archive and control topics. The entire work will be implemented using plugin-type and edit using the Linux script to generate the directory structure. The main contribution of this work is to complement the thematic areas of the state final examination.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis deals with the modification and extension of the existing (based on Java EE technology) web app used for recording the user’s sporting activities. The current user interface is replaced by a new one, created using the PrimeFaces framework, that ensures the best user experience and provides intuitive use of the app. The following section enhances the initial solution by implementation of additional components. The first of them takes advantage of the Google Maps API of which services are used for creation, administration, and exploring of the users’ routes. The thesis also aims at the administration
section, which provides basic tools for maintenance of the app.</td>]
[<td>This bacheror’s thesis presents the architecture and familiarizes the rea- der with an implementation of a remote data storage solution of European academic library buildings’ data. The described web application is interesting by segmented recording of the long building-records into separated database tables related with each other. An architecture using the Data Access Object design pattern is presented for abstracting the database access processes and shows an interesting implementation of DAO object views of the correspon- ding tables. Finally, the application exports the database into a well-structured XML file that is used for creating a book publication of Europena academic libraries.</td>]
[<td>The aims of this thesis are design and implement a tool for monitoring of social networks. The main function is monitoring selected sources of the Internet and then display searched entries. This entries are filtered according to specified keywords and phrases that can be grouped into arranged themes. Thesis also includes initial analysis, which aims to clearly define requirements, because we must know, what problem is need to solve.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this final work is the creation of a new framework for finding links to the Web of Data. The final work introduces the Linked Data publication method and provides analysis of existing tools for obtaining links between two data sets. The new framework is a competitor to existing ones, mainly in the number of found links, configuration options and user-friendliness. The paper describes the implementation of a new framework and its usage is described in a User's Guide.</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes the design, implementation and testing of a graphical user interface for the PSImulator project, which aims to create a network simulator for the needs of the subject BI-PSI at Faculty of Information Technology. The application developed in this thesis allows users to create and configure a virtual computer network using a GUI and subsequently offers a visual simulation of data packets passing through the network. The first part of this thesis is aimed at analyzing the existing solutions while the second part explains the development of the application itself. Great emphasis is placed at creating the GUI which was also tested by a sample group of target users. Results of the testing are to be found at the end of this thesis.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis describes construction of a system, which aims mostly on bringing
“homes of the future” closer to the reality. This document is focused on how
this system was designed and how it is planned to achieve designated goals.</td>]
[<td>n last few years, a category of small UAVs became very accessible and popular among the wide audience of hobbists. 
To control these small vehicles, different types of control algorithms have been utilized. 
We set out to design and implement a control algorithm which will be easily understandable by an average technically apt person and yet still will be powerful enough, to be used as full-fledged course acquire and hold autopilot.
We put stress on the algorithm to be easily portable between different MCU platforms and between different types of UAVs.
The algorithm was implemented as series of PID controllers.</td>]
[<td>This work presents possible solutions to transform existing desktop application into a distributed application, which runs the business logic on the Cloud and the presentation logic remains unchanged as a think client on the users' computer. To realize remote invocation of business logic it compares REST and SOAP web serivces and Java RMI technology. 

It discusses the practical problems that occur when using these technologies, especially problems related to ensuring Lazy Loading functionality when the remote business logic is used. The main ones are the detection and serialization of Hibernate Lazy Load proxies and creation of own dynamic proxies during deserialization.</td>]
[<td>My theses deal with creation of a graphical user interface for computer language called DMIS. DMIS is widely used for communication with 3D measure tools and enjoys considerable acceptance in numerous industry areas.

The text of the theses explains using C# .NET technologies, rocessing
DMIS language and describes the development of the software from defining the objectives to the final deployment in production environment.</td>]
[<td>Traditional CPU is able to run only a few complex threads concurrently. On the other side, a GPU allows a concurrent execution of hundreds or thousands of simpler threads. The GPU was originally designed for a computer graphics, but nowadays it is being used for general-purpose calculations using a GPGPU technology. CUDA, one of the GPGPU technologies, is introduced in the thesis. Methods of cooperation between this technology and Java language are presented. Several algorithms from areas of linear algebra and image processing were implemented using JCuda library. The measured execution speed-up for matrix multiplication was 400 times over CPU.  The execution speed-up for Canny edge detection varied between 5 to 30 times.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the algorithms for well-known graph coloring problem. In the first part the problem is described in detail and possible approaches towards the issue including specific algorithms are presented. Second part is dedicated to implementation of chosen algorithms, subsequent testing and comparison of their qualities.
</td>]
[<td>This thesis is about development of web application which allows search information about people using social networks and other web applications. Application is programmed in PHP language with czech framework called Nette. Finished application knows how to search in a lot of data sources, fetch data from them and gained profiles compare and resolve similarity for each two of them.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on creating a multiplayer server application, used in the turn-based strategy game Sepulcher. Its major part deals with artificial intelligence algorithms for pathfinding in graphs. In order to maintain a smooth flow of the game, the thesis elaborates on the client-server communication. A design of the game logic, which allows to customize and extend the game easily, is also discussed.</td>]
[<td>This bachelor thesis describes available project management system solutions. Defines requirements for their usage in small team of SW developers and describes implementation of own solution as part of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>This Bachelor's Project focuses on the configuration of a stable environment for testing application development </td>]
[<td>The presented thesis focuses on the issues of optimal facet selection and facet ordering for faceted navigation purposes. It offers an
overview of the currently available literature on this topic and considers the possibility of using A/B and multivariate testing tools.

Based on this overview, it describes analysis, design and implementation of a software tool for measuring facet and facet value usage.  
The tool is then deployed and the details and results of this real-world application are analyzed. 

The thesis further incorporates usability testing which was arranged to uncover possible usability issues of the faceted navigation which 
structure was changed based on the previous results.</td>]
[<td>This thesis focuses on improving the Humla system and extending its functionality using HTML5 technology. Humla enables users to create presentations using simple HTML code and to transform them into modern slides. This thesis contains design and implementation of several extensions that improve the functionality and visual appearance of the system. They enable users easy interaction with the listeners, they improve usability on mobile devices and further improve appearance and information content of presentations. I have analyzed all implemented technologies in terms of their current and future support in browsers.</td>]
[<td>This thesis guides the reader through the design and implementation of extensions based on the existing cloud server solution using REST API. These extensions are focused mainly on the addition of authentication capability and file versioning system. Easy usability of the ultimate solution for developers as well as end consumers and also corporate companies with their own directory servers is emphasized during the development. Development of file versioning system put big emphasis on effective use of all system resources.</td>]
[<td>This thesis thesis is focused on design and implementation of REST API for ExDB, the native XML database system developed at Czech Technical University, in a way which makes the database system possible to figure as back-end of XForms-REST-XQuery architecture based applications. This ability is demonstrated by implementation of some example XRX based applications which use the implemented REST API.</td>]
[<td>Czech and foreign companies recognise an absence of method for quick, effective and mainly cheap employee or job applicants analysis. In the time of the economic crisis is increasing pressure on lowering cost connected with company staff and higher personal qualities of new employees. The aim of this thesis is to propose and implement a trial version of online psychodiagnostic system for employees and job applicants analyses and professional skills test that could be easily used by companies as a great support for their staff examination. The beginning of this thesis is focused on analyses of the system requirements that are discussed and described in more details in the main chapters aimed on the implementation, followed with a part of user friendly GUI design. Results of a testing with users as well as released beta version and ideas and proposals for additional development are situated at the end of the thesis.</td>]
[<td>The main goal of this thesis is an implementation of ECA processing in XML-native database for educational and research purposes - CellStore. The first part of this thesis is focused on principles of ECA processing and on solutions in other XML-native Databases. The second part is focused on proposal, implementation and testing of our own solution. </td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is to create an application for mobile devices with OS Android. This application will collect, save and send data to Telerepair JH s.r.o. Data will be used for mobile device diagnostics by Telerepair technicians. The Android platform is described in the thesis, including its history, architecture and tools used for development. In the following chapters, three already existing applications are tested, the final application is being analysed and its architecture designed. The last chapter describes implementation. The application has been developed with emphasis on security and user comfort.</td>]
[<td>The aim of this bachelor thesis is to extend the already started project ExtBrain Universe to movement control in 3D space using a mouse. Purpose of ExtBrain Universe project is to create virtual reality, which will display (simulate) functioning of the various worlds or systems such as universe or human body. Part of this thesis is to design and implement suitable movement control in virtual reality using a mouse in a web browser. To achieve the objective, WebGL and shaders (programs running on a graphics card) technologies are used. The thesis contains description of implementation of partial control and there are discussed pitfalls of applications running in a web browser associated with the use of mouse.</td>]
[<td>The goal of this thesis is the design, implementation and deployment of a robust administration platform. This platform is used for management of medium-sized networks and related aspects within (student) organizations. The system provides modular environment with reusable components which make it easy to extend by possibly inexperienced programmers. This solution also provides scriptable interface that allows easy integration with other services.</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with design and implementation of web service to work with accreditation materials of subjects and CVs. The web service is based on REST technology. The database repository for the whole application is native XML database called Sedna. The application itself is implemented id PHP using Tonic framework. This thesis also deals with choosing the appropriate PHP framework and XML native database storage. Synchronization between KOSapi and the implemented web service is discussed in the final charter.
</td>]
[<td>In this thesis I deal with a design and implementation of faceted browsing of electronic studying materials. I also designed schemas that can be used to annotate materials. Implemented faceted browsing utilizes various approaches for annotating electronic documents. Part of this thesis is dedicated to comparison of most common annotation standards used in a web environment. The final was created by extending original tool for HTML5 presentations called Humla. Together with the faceted browsing I developed several others supportive modules.

Keywords: faceted browsing, microdata, sematic web, Node.js, HTML5</td>]
[<td>This thesis deals with the physical simulation of 3D fluids running in real time, analyse the existing solutions and describes the problems that arise in implementation of these systems. Furthermore, this work describes the implementation of such a system using Unity3D game engine.</td>]
[<td>Natural language ranks among fundamental sources of information. The huge number of texts that exist makes us think out more and more advanced means of their archiving. 

 This work focuses on inquiry into the statistical aspects of twelve European languages; the most common statistical metrics with samples of practical use when compressing the data are introduced. The knowledge gained is then related to the most widely used compression algorithms in the sphere of natural languages; in this context it especially means comparing various language models while emphasizing their real usage, for example when employing hybrid compression methods. 

 The final part of this work is devoted to pre-processing the text, which can to a considerable degree influence the quality of attainable compression. To support the acquisition of statistical data, the tool itself was implemented while research into the already available solutions was being done.</td>]
[<td>This master thesis inquires into desing and implementation of network simulator composed of cisco-based routers for subject BI-PSI Computer networks. Simulator allows configuration of routers via Cisco IOS command line. Simulator implements commands for configuring interfaces, static routing, dynamic and static network address translation. Simulator system also offers verification of current configuration via ping and traceroute commands. Entire network settings are loaded/saved from/to a configuration file. Simulator implements basic versions of following protocols Ethernet II, IP, ARP, ICMP and UDP. User testing is integral part of this thesis.</td>]
[<td>Thesis presents information about existing systems of the Faculty of Information Technology CTU and remainder of CTU. Among other things, is engaged research for the development of Information system, components to exchange data and the data warehouse. The project thesis includes analysis of data flows between systems and design resources REST web services some of them. In addition to analysis and design, I Am creating documentation for the views of the system KOS obtained by treaties signed between CTU FIT and CTU VIC. The contribution of this work I see in uncovering the individual systems, referring to the required documents and initial design of data communications between components of the emerging Information System CTU FIT.</td>]
